You're listening to the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 72°F, Partly Cloudy, Wind 10 mph L to R.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

Alex Chase digs in. He'll lead off.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball nearly hits him, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Hard chopper to second. Diaz snares it and fires to first to get Alex Chase by a step for out number one.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Gibson winds and fires... Fastball, called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Slider, in the zone. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Kevin Webb goes down swinging for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Omar Ramirez.
And Gibson deals... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Slider, right down Main Street, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Four-seam fastball, he chases it for strike three, and Omar Ramirez is down on strikes to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Gibson. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Leo Vance will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And Garcia's pitch... just gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Curveball misses just a bit outside. One and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, right down the middle. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. Two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker misses just a bit outside, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... fouled away. Still three and two.
And the payoff pitch... lined foul, count holds at three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Curveball, called strike three, and Leo Vance strikes out looking for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in against Miguel Garcia. one away, nobody on.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia deals... Curveball runs a bit low. One and oh.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker, taken for a called strike. One and one.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen. One and two.
And the one-two... Sinker, in there for strike three, and Marcus Thorne is down on strikes for out number two.

And Sam Decker will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... he spoils a good pitch, still oh and two.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider a bit inside, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Curveball high and inside. Two and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line, still two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Curveball, caught looking at strike three! Sam Decker goes down to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Garcia. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Rex Power leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And Gibson delivers... Curveball just off the plate. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Changeup, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. One and one.
Here comes the one-one... Slider, a big swing and a miss, one and two.
The one-two... he fouls it off. Still one and two.
And the one-two... Slider, strike three called, and Rex Power is rung up for out number one.

And Evan Reed steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
Here's the pitch... Low roller to short. Jones fields it and throws to first for out number two.

And Felix Washington steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Changeup down and in, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Four-seam fastball misses high and wide. Two and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider, comes up empty. Two and one.
The two-one... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Two and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside, and the count runs full. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Fastball, gets him swinging! Felix Washington goes down to end the inning.

Gibson sets them down in order. And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Jackson Riley digs in. He'll lead off.
And Garcia delivers... Slider misses high and wide, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker, called a strike. One and one.
And the one-one... Popped up on the infield. Griffin is camped under it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Caleb Jones will step in with one away and nobody on.
And Garcia delivers... A screaming liner to Ramirez, caught for out number two.

Nate Diaz steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Garcia winds and fires... Sinker runs inside. One and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Nate Diaz is aboard with a two-out double here in the bottom of the second.

And Owen Chen steps in. A runner on second, two down.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker way upstairs, one and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker high and tight, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Curveball, called strike, two and one.
And the two-one... fouled back and into the stands. Two and two.
And the two-two... just gets a piece of it, and the count stays at two and two.
And the pitch... Slider, he chases it for strike three, and Owen Chen goes down swinging to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, catcher, Hank Barrett.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson deals... Fastball, swung on and missed, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup a bit inside, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Four-seam fastball high and inside. Two and one.
And the two-one... Driven into deep short. Jones drifting back. And he makes the catch for out number one.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch to Griffin... Pulled into center. Vance is there and he makes the catch for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins is due up. two down, bases empty.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider in the dirt, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Fly ball, third. Corbin drifting in... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Gibson. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Batting first and playing third base, Miles Corbin.
And the pitch... Sinker misses a bit low, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Routine play for Griffin and he flips to first to retire Miles Corbin for out number one.

And Grant Fisher is due up. one away, bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Curveball misses high, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Slider high and tight, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... hammered foul. Two and one.
And Garcia's pitch... chopped foul, two and two.
And the two-two... Curveball brushes him back, and the count runs full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... fisted foul and out of play. So we'll do it again.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers take a one-nothing lead here in the bottom of the third.

And Leo Vance is due up. one away, bases empty.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses low and inside. One and oh.
And the pitch... Curveball, paints the corner, one and one.
And the one-one... Curveball misses low and inside. Two and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line, two and two.
And the two-two... Slider way upstairs, and the count is now full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... fouled back to the screen. Still three and two.
And the payoff pitch... he fouls that one off, and the count stays at three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball misses low and inside, and Leo Vance draws a walk.

A runner on first, one away. Marcus Thorne at the plate.
And Garcia deals... Curveball, caught the corner. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Curveball, called strike, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Curveball, called strike three, and Marcus Thorne goes down looking for out number two.

A runner on first, two down. Sam Decker at the plate.
And Garcia comes to the plate... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Pulled into left. Reed is there and he makes the catch to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 0, Bay Area Bombers 1 after three. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Batting first and playing second base, Alex Chase.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson's pitch... sent foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... slashed out of play. Oh and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Thorne calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Kevin Webb will step in with one away and nobody on.
Here's the pitch... he gets a piece of it, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Dribbler to second. Backhanded pick by Diaz and he fires to first in time for out number two.

And Omar Ramirez steps in against Joe Gibson. two down, nobody on.
Here's the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the fourth.

Runner on first, two down, for Rex Power.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Fastball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Hammered into shallow right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A two-out double for Rex Power!

And Evan Reed steps in with runners on second and third, two down.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Lined into shallow right field. That one drops in. A two-out base hit for Evan Reed, and this game is now tied at one.

Felix Washington comes to the plate. Runners on first and third and two down.
And Gibson's pitch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider misses high, one and one.
An error by SS Caleb Jones allows the batter to reach base, and the Pacific City Pilots take a two-to-one lead here in the top of the fourth.

And Hank Barrett will step in with runners on first and second and two down.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball brushes him back, one and oh.
And the one-oh... A screaming liner to Diaz, caught to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

And Jackson Riley leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Curveball high and inside, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A leadoff double for Jackson Riley, and the offense is in business.

And Caleb Jones steps in. A runner on second, nobody out.
And Garcia's pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and one.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball a bit inside. One and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker high and inside, two and one.
And Garcia's pitch... sent foul and out of play, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Slider, caught looking at strike three! Caleb Jones goes down for out number one.

And Nate Diaz steps in. A runner on second, one away.
And Garcia comes to the plate... lined foul, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Lined sharply to Washington for out number two.

Runner on second, two down, for Owen Chen.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia comes to the plate... Curveball low and away, one and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker just misses outside, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... Slider, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Two and one.
And Garcia delivers... Low roller to third. Ramirez fields it and throws to first to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Wes Griffin steps in to start the inning.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider runs a bit low. One and oh.
The one-oh... Fastball low and away, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Routine play for Corbin and he flips to first for out number one.

And TJ Hawkins will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Routine play for Diaz and he flips to first to retire TJ Hawkins for out number two.

And Alex Chase steps in against Joe Gibson. two down, nobody on.
And Gibson delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... fouled down the line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... hit foul down the line, and the count stays at oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Changeup, he chases it for strike three, and Alex Chase goes down swinging to end the inning.

Gibson retires the side in order. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Miles Corbin steps in to start the inning.
Righty against the lefty.
Here's the pitch... Curveball misses upstairs, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Curveball just misses outside. Two and one.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker nearly hits him. Three and one.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Slider misses low and inside, and Miles Corbin draws a walk.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

Grant Fisher comes to the plate. A runner on first and nobody out.
And Logan deals... Four-seam fastball brushes him back. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Fastball runs a bit low, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Fastball nearly hits him, three and oh.
And the three-oh... Curveball wide, and Grant Fisher draws a walk.

Runners on first and second, nobody out, for Leo Vance.
And Logan from the stretch... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... Fastball misses low and outside. One and one.
The one-one... Hit well to center, but Webb is there to make the catch for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in. Runners on first and second, one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses outside. One and oh.
And Logan delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. One and one.
And Logan's pitch... Heater, comes up empty, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball way outside, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Hawkins drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Sam Decker steps in against Ben Logan. Runners on first and second, two down.
And the pitch... fouled back, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Fastball misses away, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Fastball brushes him back, two and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... flied foul and out of play, two and two.
Logan kicks and delivers... Fastball misses low and inside, count is full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Four-seam fastball, struck him out swinging! Sam Decker goes down to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1 after five. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Kevin Webb will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And the pitch to Webb... Fastball way outside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Fastball misses low and inside. Two and one.
And Gibson delivers... hit foul down the line, two and two.
And the two-two... Grounder to short. Jones has it and tosses to first for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Omar Ramirez.
Here's the pitch... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... he gets a piece of it. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Fastball in the dirt, one and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Curveball, gets him swinging! Omar Ramirez goes down for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in against Joe Gibson. two down, nobody on.
Righty against righty.
Gibson winds and fires... Fastball low and away, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Hit in the air down the line! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-1.

Bases empty, two down, for Evan Reed.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch to Reed... he fouls that one off, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Curveball nearly hits him, one and one.
And Gibson delivers... fouled back and into the stands, one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... hit foul down the line, so we'll do it again.
The one-two pitch... Fastball, swings through it for strike three, and Evan Reed strikes out to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

And Jackson Riley will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And Logan delivers... Chopper to second. Chase's got it and he fires to first for out number one.

Caleb Jones steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And Logan delivers... he gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Hard grounder up the middle... Chase is there and he fires to first for out number two.

And Nate Diaz will step in with two down and nobody on.
And Logan deals... he fouls that one off, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... tapped foul down the line, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Curveball, called strike three, and Nate Diaz strikes out looking to end the inning.

Logan sets them down in order. It's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1 after six. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Felix Washington digs in. He'll lead off.
And the pitch to Washington... Lifted into left, routine play for Fisher.

And that will bring Hank Barrett to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... and that one will squeeze through for a base hit. Hank Barrett reaches with a one-out single.

And Wes Griffin will step in with a runner on first and one away.
Gibson winds and fires... Slider in the dirt, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider down and in, two and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Curveball runs a bit low, three and oh.
Here comes the three-oh... fouled back, three and one.
Here comes the three-one... Changeup runs high, and Wes Griffin is aboard with a walk.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with runners on first and second, one away.
Here's the pitch... fisted foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Four-seam fastball, paints the corner for a called strike. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Bouncer to second, and they spin the double play to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Owen Chen will lead off the inning.
And Logan's pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Four-seam fastball just misses outside, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Curveball runs a bit inside, two and two.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball misses a bit low, and the count is now full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... fouled away. Count holds at three and two.
Owen Chen draws a walk.

Miles Corbin comes to the plate. A runner on first and nobody out.
And Logan comes to the plate... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And this game is now tied at three.

And Grant Fisher leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And Logan delivers... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball brushes him back, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. One and two.
And Logan delivers... hammered foul. Count remains one and two.
The one-two pitch... Heater, swung on and missed for strike three, and Grant Fisher is down on strikes for out number one.

And Leo Vance will step in with one away and nobody on.
Logan winds and fires... Slow roller to first. Washington picks it up and fires to first for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Marcus Thorne.
And Logan's pitch... Washington drifting back... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score is tied at 3. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

And Alex Chase leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. A leadoff single for Alex Chase to get things going here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Kevin Webb.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Oh and one.
The oh-one... hit foul down the line, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. That's going to be a stand-up double for Kevin Webb here in the top of the eighth.

And Omar Ramirez steps in with runners on second and third, nobody out.
And Adams deals... Heater over the head, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Knuckle curve misses low and inside, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Knuckle curve, swung on and missed, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Fastball brushes him back, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... fouled away, count holds at three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Four-seam fastball runs a bit inside, and Omar Ramirez is aboard with a walk.

Bases loaded, nobody out, for Rex Power.
And Adams deals... Knuckle curve, drops onto the knees. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Knuckle curve wide, one and one.
And the one-one... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And Adams delivers... he fouls it off. So we'll do it again.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve nearly hits him, two and two.
And the pitch... chopped foul. And we'll do it again.
The two-two pitch... flied foul and out of play, still two and two.
And Adams delivers... Knuckle curve runs a bit low, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... hammered foul. And the count stays at three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Knuckle curve, strike three called, and Rex Power is rung up for out number one.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. The bases loaded and one away.
And Adams deals... Knuckle curve, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. Oh and one.
And Adams delivers... chopped foul, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. Evan Reed is on with a one-out single, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 4-to-3 lead.

And Felix Washington will step in with the bases loaded and one away.
And Adams deals... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve, paints the corner, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Lined to center. That one drops in. A one-out base hit for Felix Washington, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 5-to-3.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

So with the bases loaded and one away for Hank Barrett.
And Miller comes to the plate... fouled away, oh and one.
Miller kicks and delivers... Sinker, catches the black, oh and two.
Miller kicks and delivers... Slider misses away, one and two.
And Miller's pitch... Slider high and inside. Two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, and Hank Barrett is aboard with a one-out walk, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 6-to-3.

Bases loaded, one away, for Wes Griffin.
From the belt, the pitch... he fouls that one off. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker a bit inside. One and one.
The one-one pitch... fisted foul and out of play, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Lined into the glove of Jones for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with the bases loaded, two down.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
An error by LF Grant Fisher allows the batter to reach base, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 7-to-3 here in the top of the eighth.

And Alex Chase steps in against Colin Miller. The bases loaded, two down.
And Miller delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Hard grounder to short. Jones is up with it and he fires to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 7, Bay Area Bombers 3. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Sam Decker leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
Here's the pitch... Base hit to left. The inning starts with a base hit from Sam Decker.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Jackson Riley.
And Logan deals... Curveball runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... High fly ball to deep left field... and that one is gone! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 7-to-5.

Leading off, shortstop, Caleb Jones.
Logan winds and fires... Fastball low and away, one and oh.
And the pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... Griffin is there and he fires to first for out number one.

And Nate Diaz will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch to Diaz... Lined into shallow right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Nate Diaz.

So a runner on second and one away for Owen Chen.
And Logan's pitch... fouled away, oh and one.
And Logan delivers and the runner breaks! Four-seam fastball nearly hits him. One and one.
The throw down... not in time! Nate Diaz steals third.
And Logan's pitch... flied foul and out of play, one and two.
And Logan delivers... Fastball high and inside, two and two.
And the two-two... Curveball, fans him! Owen Chen goes down for out number two.

And Miles Corbin will step in with a runner on third and two down.
And the pitch... Fastball just misses outside, one and oh.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball misses upstairs. Two and oh.
The two-oh... Four-seam fastball, caught the corner. Two and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... Fastball, drops onto the knees. Two and two.
And the pitch... Heater high and inside, and the count is now full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Fastball misses outside, and Miles Corbin is aboard with a two-out walk.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

Runners on first and third, two down, for Grant Fisher.
And Malone delivers... lined foul. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Slider in the dirt. One and one.
The one-one... Sinker, in the zone. One and two.
The one-two... hit foul down the line. And the count stays at one and two.
And the one-two pitch and the runner breaks! Sinker misses low and inside. Two and two.
Throw to second is not in time. Miles Corbin steals second.
And the pitch... Slider misses a bit low, count is full, three and two.
Grant Fisher draws a walk.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. The bases loaded and two down.
And the pitch... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A two-out double for Leo Vance! And this game is now tied at seven.

Runners on second and third, two down. Marcus Thorne at the plate.
And Malone deals... Lined sharply to Griffin to end the inning.

Score is tied at 7. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Batting first and playing center field, Kevin Webb.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker spikes before the plate, two and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker, a big swing and a miss. Two and one.
And the pitch... Slider up in the eyes. Three and one.
Kevin Webb draws a walk.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with a runner on first and nobody out.
And Miller deals and there he goes! Sinker runs a bit inside, one and oh.
Throw to second is not in time. Kevin Webb steals second.
Here is the one-oh... Sinker, snaps over the backdoor. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Hard chopper to second. Diaz snares it and fires to first to get Omar Ramirez by a step for out number one.

A runner on third, one away. Rex Power at the plate.
And Miller from the stretch... Slider, comes up empty, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Sinker way upstairs, one and one.
And the one-one... Slider runs inside. Two and one.
And Miller's pitch... lined foul, two and two.
And the two-two... he gets a piece of it, count holds at two and two.
And the pitch... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Rex Power goes down swinging for out number two.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. A runner on third and two down.
And Miller deals... Sinker wide, one and oh.
And the pitch... Slider, he hacks at it and misses. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Slider wide, two and one.
And the two-one... chopped foul down the first base line. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Driven into deep center. Vance drifting back. And he makes the catch to end the inning.

And we are tied at 7 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Sam Decker steps in to lead things off.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Lined to left. That one drops in. The inning starts with a base hit from Sam Decker.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Jackson Riley.
And Malone deals... fouled back to the screen. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Sinker low and away, one and one.
And the pitch... Grounder to short. Flip to second for one, onto first... double play!

And that will bring Caleb Jones to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider misses low, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker runs high, two and oh.
Malone kicks and delivers... Sinker brushes him back. Three and oh.
And the three-oh... Hard grounder to back to the mound, smothered by Malone and he fires to first to end the inning.

And we are tied at 7 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 10th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Evan Reed jogs out to take his lead.
And Felix Washington steps in. A runner on second, nobody out.
Miller winds and fires... Slider bounced in the dirt, one and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Lifted to shallow right. Thorne drifting back and calling for it. And he makes the catch for out number one.

Hank Barrett comes to the plate. A runner on second and one away.
From the belt, the pitch... Slider, comes up empty. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and two.
Miller kicks and delivers... A well-placed bunt to first. Chen to first for out number two.

Runner on third, two down, for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... Hard liner up the middle. And that one drops in for a base hit. Wes Griffin is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the 10th, and the Pacific City Pilots move out in front, 8-to-7.

A runner on first, two down. TJ Hawkins at the plate.
And the pitch to Hawkins... fouled down the line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Sinker spikes before the plate, one and one.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and inside. Two and one.
And the two-one... Slider, called a strike, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Slider runs inside, and the count is now full, three and two.
TJ Hawkins draws a walk.

And that will bring up Alex Chase with runners on first and second.
Miller winds and fires... Fly ball, to first. Chen is camped under it, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 8, Bay Area Bombers 7. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

Automatic runner on second: Caleb Jones jogs out to take his lead.
Nate Diaz comes to the plate. A runner on second and nobody out.
Righty against righty.
And Malone's pitch... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and one.
And Malone's pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... The bunt attempt is fouled off, still oh and two.
And the pitch... A well-placed bunt to second. Chase to first for out number one.

A runner on third, one away. Owen Chen at the plate.
And Malone deals... fisted foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Lined to left! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. That's going to be a stand-up double for Owen Chen here in the bottom of the 10th, and we are all knotted up at eight.

And Miles Corbin steps in with a runner on second, one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And Malone comes to the plate... lined foul. Oh and one.
Malone kicks and delivers... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Reed drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number two.

So a runner on second and two down for Grant Fisher.
Malone winds and fires... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
And Malone delivers... Sinker, a perfect strike. Oh and two.
And Malone delivers... Sinker misses low and inside, one and two.
The one-two... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. Grant Fisher keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the bottom of the 10th.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. Runners on first and third and two down.
And Malone from the stretch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider, called a strike, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... he spoils a good pitch. Still oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... hammered foul. Count remains oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Sinker misses low and outside, one and two.
And the one-two... Sinker bounced in the dirt, two and two.
Malone kicks and delivers... Slider, struck him out swinging! Leo Vance goes down to end the inning.

Score is tied at 8. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 11th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Alex Chase jogs out to take his lead.
Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Colin Miller.

And Kevin Webb steps in with a runner on second, nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
And Stone from the stretch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Fastball, cut on and missed. Oh and two.
And Stone delivers... Fastball sails over the letters. One and two.
And the one-two... hammered foul, and the count stays at one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, and we'll do it again.
Here is the one-two... Slider runs inside, two and two.
The two-two... Bouncer to third. Corbin gloves it and flips to first for out number one.

And Omar Ramirez steps in with a runner on third, one away.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch to Ramirez... Slider, called a strike on the inside corner, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... he fouls it off, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... fisted foul and out of play, still oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, count remains oh and two.
And Stone's pitch... he gets a piece of it. And we'll do it again.
The oh-two... Hard grounder to third. Corbin is up with it and tosses to first for out number two, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 9-to-8 lead here in the top of the 11th.

And Rex Power will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch to Power... Cutter, comes up empty, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Cutter misses just a bit outside. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Hammered into shallow right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Rex Power rips one into the gap for a two-out double.

And Evan Reed steps in against Victor Stone. A runner on second, two down.
And the pitch... Grounder to short. Jones has it and tosses to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 9, Bay Area Bombers 8. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Automatic runner on second: Leo Vance jogs out to take his lead.
Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Dennis Thompson replaces Rollie Malone.

And that will bring up Marcus Thorne with a runner on second.
From the belt, the pitch... Slider down and in, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... fouled back to the screen. One and one.
And the one-one... slashed out of play, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, so we'll do it again.
The one-two... Fastball runs a bit inside. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Slow roller to third. Ramirez picks it up and fires to first for out number one.

A runner on third, one away. Sam Decker at the plate.
Righty against righty.
Thompson winds and fires... Fastball way outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball, drops onto the knees. One and one.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters, two and one.
And the pitch... fouled back, two and two.
Here is the two-two... Fastball misses high and wide, and the count runs full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Slider, gets him swinging! Sam Decker goes down for out number two.

And that will bring up Jackson Riley with a runner on third.
And the pitch... Slider, right down the middle. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... sent foul and out of play, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... flied foul and out of play. And we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... Heater, gets him swinging! Jackson Riley goes down to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 8 - Pacific City Pilots 9
Pacific City Pilots win!