The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Sleep Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 68°F, Overcast.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Alex Chase.
And Gibson deals... Changeup misses outside, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Curveball, comes up empty, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Slider runs high. Two and one.
And the two-one... Bouncer to short. Jones gloves it and fires to first for out number one.

And Kevin Webb will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, a strike, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Curveball runs inside. One and one.
And the pitch... Slider just off the plate. Two and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Heater misses high and wide. Three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Roller to third. Corbin scoops it up and fires to first to retire Kevin Webb for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... Curveball misses high, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... chopped foul down the first base line, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Four-seam fastball just misses outside. Two and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball, called a strike on the inside corner, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Fastball, got him looking! Omar Ramirez goes down to end the inning.

Gibson sets them down in order. And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with the first inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, center field, Leo Vance.
And Garcia's pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... and that one will squeeze through for a base hit. Leo Vance starts the inning with a base hit.

Marcus Thorne comes to the plate. A runner on first and nobody out.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker, in there for a called strike, oh and one.
And the pitch... Curveball just off the plate, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... flied foul and out of play, one and two.
The one-two... Curveball, fans him! Marcus Thorne goes down for out number one.

And that will bring up Sam Decker with a runner on first.
And Garcia comes to the plate... Curveball just misses outside, one and oh.
And the pitch... Curveball, in there for a called strike, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker misses high and wide, two and one.
The two-one... fouled back and into the stands, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... fouled back and out of play. And we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Sam Decker doubles with one away.

Runners on second and third, one away. Jackson Riley at the plate.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker just off the plate, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Slider, swung on and missed. One and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Curveball misses low and inside, two and one.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... just gets a piece of it. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker, gets him swinging! Jackson Riley goes down for out number two.

Caleb Jones comes to the plate. Runners on second and third and two down.
Righty against the lefty.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker in the dirt. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... fisted foul and out of play, two and one.
The two-one... fights it off, two and two.
And the pitch... Curveball misses high and wide, count is full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Curveball way outside, and Caleb Jones is aboard with a walk.

Bases loaded, two down, for Nate Diaz.
And the pitch... Roller to first. Washington scoops it up and fires to first to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with the second inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

Rex Power digs in. He'll lead off.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Slider low and away, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Slider misses outside. Two and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Slider low and away, three and one.
An error by 3B Miles Corbin allows the batter to reach base.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. A runner on first and nobody out.
And Gibson deals... Bunted foul, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Bunted foul, still oh and two.
The oh-two... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, count holds at oh and two.
And the pitch... Squares around and bunts it to first. Chen charges and throws to first for out number one.

And that will bring up Felix Washington with a runner on second.
And the pitch... Slider, a strike. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... fouled back and into the stands. Count holds at oh and two.
And the oh-two... Fastball way outside. One and two.
Here is the one-two... Slider misses outside, two and two.
And the two-two... Hit in the air down the line! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots take a two-nothing lead here in the top of the second.

And Hank Barrett will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Slider, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
And the oh-one... hammered foul, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Slider, swings through it for strike three, and Hank Barrett goes down swinging for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... Changeup misses low and inside, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Fastball misses down and in, two and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Hard grounder to third. Corbin is up with it and he fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Owen Chen steps in to lead things off.
Garcia winds and fires... Curveball misses away, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker way outside. Two and oh.
Here is the two-oh... Sinker down and in. Three and oh.
Three-oh, pitch on the way... Slider down and in, and Owen Chen is aboard with a walk.

A runner on first, nobody out. Miles Corbin at the plate.
And Garcia deals... Sinker, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker misses high. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Sinker, a strike, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sinker misses down and in. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... hit foul down the line. And the count stays at two and two.
And the pitch... Lifted to shallow center. Webb drifting back and calling for it. And he makes the catch for out number one.

And Grant Fisher steps in with a runner on first, one away.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker misses high. One and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker, a big swing and a miss, one and one.
And the one-one... Base hit to right. Grant Fisher is on with a one-out single.

Runners on first and second, one away, for Leo Vance.
Here's the pitch... Grounder to first. Washington scoops it up and steps on the bag for out number two.

Runners on second and third, two down, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... fouled down the line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Roller to second. Chase scoops it up and fires to first to retire Marcus Thorne to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0 after two. We'll be back with the third inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, TJ Hawkins.
Gibson winds and fires... Chopper to short. Jones's got it and he fires to first for out number one.

Alex Chase steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And Gibson deals... Slider misses just a bit outside. One and oh.
And the pitch... hammered foul, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider misses low and outside, two and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Four-seam fastball, a big swing and a miss, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... lined foul. Still two and two.
And the pitch... Heater, fans him! Alex Chase goes down for out number two.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Webb... Fastball runs high, one and oh.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Slider, he hacks at it and misses, one and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Changeup misses low and outside, two and one.
Here is the two-one... Slider runs inside. Three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Hard grounder up the middle... Chen is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Gibson. And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Batting first and playing catcher, Sam Decker.
And the pitch to Decker... fouled back and into the stands. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Curveball, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Sinker high and tight, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Sinker high and inside, two and two.
The two-two... just gets a piece of it, count holds at two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Routine play for Chase and he flips to first to retire Sam Decker for out number one.

And that will bring Jackson Riley to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider, a big swing and a miss. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker high and inside, one and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... lined foul. One and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Curveball, in there for strike three, and Jackson Riley is rung up for out number two.

And Caleb Jones will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Sinker way outside, one and one.
And the one-one... sent foul and out of play, one and two.
Here is the one-two... hammered foul. And we'll do it again.
And the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, so we'll do it again.
And the one-two... Curveball misses down and in, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... hammered foul, still two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Line drive to right. That one is into the glove of Hawkins to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Garcia. It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0 after three. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Omar Ramirez leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
The oh-one... Curveball spikes before the plate. One and one.
And the one-one... Chopper to second. Diaz gobbles it up and fires to first for out number one.

Rex Power steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball way outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Changeup just off the plate, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Fastball sails over the letters, three and oh.
The three-oh pitch... lined foul. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... Hit in the air to deep left field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead 3-to-0 here in the top of the fourth.

And Evan Reed steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch to Reed... Slider misses upstairs, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Changeup misses high and wide, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Slider misses outside, three and oh.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Dribbler to short. Backhanded pick by Jones and he fires to first for out number two.

And Felix Washington will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And Gibson's pitch... Hard grounder to first. Chen is up with it and he fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And Nate Diaz will lead off the inning.
And Garcia deals... Slider low and away. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Curveball, catches the black, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... tapped foul down the line. One and two.
And the one-two... fouled back and into the stands, and we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Pulled into right. Hawkins is there and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and the bases empty.
Here's the pitch... hammered foul. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, a big swing and a miss. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Curveball misses upstairs, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker, gets him swinging! Owen Chen goes down for out number two.

And Miles Corbin is due up. two down, bases empty.
Garcia winds and fires... Curveball misses away, one and oh.
And the one-oh... chopped foul down the first base line, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Sinker misses low and outside, two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Sinker misses just a bit outside. Three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Curveball misses just a bit outside, and Miles Corbin draws a walk.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

Runner on first, two down, for Grant Fisher.
Here's the pitch... Popped up, to center. Webb is calling for it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, catcher, Hank Barrett.
Gibson winds and fires... Hard chopper to second. Diaz snares it and fires to first for out number one.

And Wes Griffin steps in with one away and the bases empty.
Here's the pitch... he spoils a good pitch, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... he fouls it off, oh and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball misses outside, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball sails over the letters. Two and two.
And Gibson delivers... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Four-seam fastball misses just a bit outside, and Wes Griffin draws a walk.

A runner on first, one away. TJ Hawkins at the plate.
And Gibson from the stretch... hit foul down the line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball, called strike one, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup runs a bit low. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, two and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Lined to left! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. TJ Hawkins doubles with one away.

Runners on second and third, one away, for Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low. One and oh.
The one-oh... Vance tracks it down to center for out number two.

Runners on second and third, two down, for Kevin Webb.
Here's the pitch... Changeup high and tight, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball just misses outside, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... A screaming liner to Diaz, caught to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

Leo Vance steps in to lead things off.
Logan winds and fires... Heater just misses outside. One and oh.
And the pitch... Driven into deep left. Reed drifting back. And he makes the catch for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in against Ben Logan. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch... tapped foul down the line. Oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Hit in the air to center. Webb is after it and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Sam Decker is due up. two down, bases empty.
And Logan delivers... Chopped to short. Griffin charges and throws to first to end the inning.

Logan retires the side in order. It's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0 after five. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Joe Gibson.

Batting first and playing third base, Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch to Ramirez... Sinker misses low and outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Slider misses low. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Slider misses outside. Three and oh.
Three-oh, pitch on the way... fouled down the line, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... A sharp line drive through the left side, and that's a base hit. A leadoff single for Omar Ramirez to get things going here in the top of the sixth.

So a runner on first and nobody out for Rex Power.
Righty against righty.
And Miller deals... Lined to center. That one drops in. And Rex Power is aboard with a single here in the top of the sixth.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. Runners on first and second and nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
Miller winds and fires... Slider, in there for a called strike. Oh and one.
Miller kicks and delivers... sent foul and out of play, oh and two.
The oh-two... Sinker misses outside, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Slider misses high, two and two.
Miller kicks and delivers... Sinker down and in, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sinker misses high, and Evan Reed is aboard with a no-out walk.

And Felix Washington steps in. The bases loaded, nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
And Miller comes to the plate... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Felix Washington is aboard with a double, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 5-to-0.

So runners on and nobody out for Hank Barrett.
From the belt, the pitch... Slider high and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker misses high and wide. Two and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Hard liner captured by Diaz for out number one.

Wes Griffin comes to the plate. Runners on second and third and one away.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker high and tight, one and oh.
And the pitch... Slider runs high, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... he fouls it off. Two and one.
And the two-one pitch... fights it off, two and two.
And Miller's pitch... chopped foul. Count remains two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Slider high and inside, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker just off the plate, and Wes Griffin is aboard with a one-out walk.

TJ Hawkins comes to the plate. The bases loaded and one away.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker way outside, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Sinker misses down and in. Two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Ground ball to short, this could be two! And they turn the double play to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

Leading off, Jackson Riley.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch to Riley... Ramirez has it and tosses to first to retire Jackson Riley for out number one.

And Caleb Jones steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fastball, cut on and missed. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Hard liner captured by Griffin for out number two.

And Nate Diaz will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Righty against righty.
Here's the pitch... Curveball high and inside. One and oh.
An error by 3B Omar Ramirez allows the batter to reach base.

Runner on first, two down, for Owen Chen.
Lefty against the righty.
And Logan deals... fouled away. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Four-seam fastball, swung on and missed, oh and two.
Logan kicks and delivers... fights it off, still oh and two.
Logan kicks and delivers... Curveball runs inside, one and two.
And the one-two... Four-seam fastball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Owen Chen is set down swinging to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Alex Chase will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... He hits a ground ball single through the right side. A leadoff single for Alex Chase to get things going here in the top of the seventh.

So a runner on first and nobody out for Kevin Webb.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... Slider runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Grounder to second. Flip to second for one, onto first... double play!

And Omar Ramirez steps in against Colin Miller. two down, nobody on.
Miller winds and fires... Slider just misses outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... fisted foul and out of play. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Slider just misses outside, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Sinker misses low and outside. Three and one.
And the three-one... Sinker misses a bit low, and Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out walk.

Runner on first, two down, for Rex Power.
And Miller deals... fouled back. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way and the runner goes! Slider misses down and in. One and one.
The throw down... he got him! Omar Ramirez is caught stealing second.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Miles Corbin steps in to lead things off.
Lefty against the righty.
And Logan's pitch... hammered foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Heater, swung on and missed. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Fastball just misses outside, one and two.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball high and inside, two and two.
And Logan's pitch... Reed tracks it down to left for out number one.

And Grant Fisher steps in against Ben Logan. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch to Fisher... fights it off, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball, called strike one. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Fastball, caught looking at strike three! Grant Fisher goes down for out number two.

And Leo Vance will step in with two down and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
Logan winds and fires... Base hit into shallow center. Leo Vance is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the seventh.

So a runner on first and two down for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch to Thorne... tapped foul down the line. Oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Lined to right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Marcus Thorne rips one into the gap for a two-out double.

And Sam Decker will step in with runners on second and third and two down.
Righty against righty.
Logan winds and fires... Hard liner captured by Chase to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0 after seven. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Evan Reed leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch to Reed... he fouls that one off. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker runs inside. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Slider, a big swing and a miss. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider spikes before the plate, two and two.
And Miller delivers... chopped foul. And we'll do it again.
And the two-two pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line. Still two and two.
Miller kicks and delivers... Sinker low and away, count is full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker low and away, and Evan Reed draws a walk.

And Felix Washington steps in. A runner on first, nobody out.
And Miller deals... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider, in there for a called strike, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Slider, gets him swinging! Felix Washington goes down for out number one.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Colin Miller.

Runner on first, one away, for Hank Barrett.
And Adams delivers... Fastball runs inside, one and oh.
The one-oh... Ground ball to short, this could be two! And they turn the double play to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And Jackson Riley leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And Logan's pitch... just gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball sails over the letters, one and one.
And the one-one... dribbled foul down the first base line. One and two.
And the one-two... Heater, rings him up! Jackson Riley goes down for out number one.

And Caleb Jones steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And Logan delivers... Curveball runs a bit low. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Curveball, comes up empty, one and one.
Here is the one-one... hammered foul. One and two.
And Logan delivers... fouled back to the screen. Count holds at one and two.
The one-two... Bouncer to first. Washington takes it himself and steps on the bag for out number two.

And Nate Diaz is due up. two down, bases empty.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball, called strike one.
And Logan delivers... Base hit to left. Nate Diaz is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the eighth.

Runner on first, two down, for Owen Chen.
And the pitch... Fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Curveball runs inside, one and two.
And the one-two... fouled back and out of play, count holds at one and two.
An error by SS Wes Griffin allows the batter to reach base.

And Miles Corbin steps in against Ben Logan. Runners on first and second, two down.
And the pitch... Fastball, paints the corner for a called strike. Oh and one.
And Logan delivers... he gets a piece of it. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Fastball, strike three called, and Miles Corbin strikes out looking to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Wes Griffin digs in. He'll lead off.
Righty against the lefty.
And Adams delivers... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
And Adams delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and two.
And the pitch... he fouls that one off. Still oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Fastball down and in, one and two.
And the one-two... Four-seam fastball high and inside, two and two.
And Adams's pitch... Line drive, center. A leadoff single for Wes Griffin to get things going here in the top of the ninth.

A runner on first, nobody out. TJ Hawkins at the plate.
And Adams comes to the plate... hammered foul, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Hard liner captured by Diaz for out number one.

And Alex Chase will step in with a runner on first and one away.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve, taken for a called strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... fouled back and into the stands, oh and two.
And Adams delivers... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. That's going to be a stand-up double for Alex Chase here in the top of the ninth.

And Kevin Webb steps in. Runners on second and third, one away.
And Adams deals... Heater way outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... he gets a piece of it, one and one.
And the one-one... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And Adams's pitch... hit foul down the line. And we'll do it again.
The one-two pitch... fisted foul and out of play, and the count stays at one and two.
Here is the one-two... hammered foul and into the stands, count remains one and two.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve just off the plate, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... chopped foul down the first base line, count remains two and two.
The two-two... Four-seam fastball misses just a bit outside, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Knuckle curve, swung on and missed for strike three, and Kevin Webb strikes out for out number two.

And Omar Ramirez steps in with runners on second and third, two down.
And Adams deals... slashed out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... fisted foul and out of play. Oh and two.
Adams kicks and delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line, count holds at oh and two.
And Adams's pitch... Ripped through the right side for a single. Omar Ramirez keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the top of the ninth, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 6-to-0.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Adam Adams.

Runners on first and third, two down, for Rex Power.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play, oh and one.
And Stone's pitch... Cutter, in there for a called strike. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead 9-to-0 here in the top of the ninth.

And Evan Reed will step in with two down and nobody on.
Stone winds and fires... Fly ball, center. Vance is camped under it, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 9, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And Grant Fisher will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Curveball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... Fastball misses down and in. One and one.
And the one-one... Routine play for Reed, and he makes the catch for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

And Leo Vance will step in with one away and the bases empty.
Malone winds and fires... just gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Slider misses away, one and one.
Here is the one-one... hammered foul, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... sent foul and out of play, still one and two.
The one-two... fouled back and into the stands. So we'll do it again.
And the one-two... Sinker runs a bit low. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... he spoils a good pitch, still two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker, swung on and missed for strike three, and Leo Vance strikes out for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... Slider runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... he gets a piece of it. One and one.
Here comes the one-one... Sinker misses low and outside, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Slider in the dirt, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Slider, paints the corner for a strike, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... flied foul and out of play, and we'll do it again.
Full count, here's the pitch... fouled back and out of play, so we'll do it again.
And the payoff pitch... fouled away, and the count stays at three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker, strike three called, and Marcus Thorne is rung up to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 0 - Pacific City Pilots 9
Pacific City Pilots win!