The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 75°F, Clear.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase will lead off the inning.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider, swung on and missed. Oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Fastball, struck him out swinging! Alex Chase goes down for out number one.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And Gibson deals... Slider runs high, one and oh.
And Gibson delivers... Corbin gloves it and fires to first to retire Kevin Webb for out number two.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch to Ramirez... Lined into shallow right, and that one will drop in. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the first.

Runner on first, two down, for Rex Power.
And Gibson's pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Slider, snaps over the backdoor. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, he chases it for strike three, and Rex Power is down on strikes to end the inning.

Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Leo Vance.
And Garcia deals... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
And Garcia delivers... Lined to left. That one drops in. The inning starts with a base hit from Leo Vance.

So a runner on first and nobody out for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... Ground ball to short, this could be two! And they turn the double play for out number two.

Sam Decker steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
And Garcia deals... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
And the pitch... Slider, snaps over the backdoor, oh and two.
And Garcia delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. And the count stays at oh and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... he spoils a good pitch, count remains oh and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... flied foul and out of play. Count holds at oh and two.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball misses away, one and two.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball up in the eyes, two and two.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, gets him swinging! Sam Decker goes down to end the inning.

Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with the second inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Evan Reed leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Here's the pitch... Heater misses a bit low, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball a bit inside, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball, right down Main Street, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Curveball nearly hits him, three and one.
And Gibson delivers... Four-seam fastball misses high, and Evan Reed draws a walk.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Felix Washington.
And Gibson from the stretch... Slider misses a bit low, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Slider a bit inside. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... fouled back to the screen. Two and one.
The two-one... Changeup runs inside. Three and one.
And the three-one... Slider, in the zone, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Slider down and in, and Felix Washington is aboard with a no-out walk.

And Hank Barrett will step in with runners on first and second and nobody out.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson delivers... Heater, in the zone, oh and one.
And the pitch... he fouls it off, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... chopped foul down the first base line, count holds at oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... fouled back and out of play, so we'll do it again.
And Gibson delivers... he fouls that one off, so we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... fights it off, count holds at oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Curveball, in there for strike three, and Hank Barrett strikes out looking for out number one.

So runners on and one away for Wes Griffin.
Gibson winds and fires... Bunted to short. Jones scoops it up and fires to first for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in against Joe Gibson. Runners on second and third, two down.
From the belt, the pitch... fisted foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... fouled back and out of play. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Changeup down and in, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Fly ball, right. Thorne drifting in... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with the second inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Jackson Riley will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And the pitch... fisted foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider just off the plate, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sinker high and tight, two and two.
The two-two... Slider brushes him back, count is full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Curveball brushes him back, and Jackson Riley draws a walk.

And Caleb Jones steps in with a runner on first, nobody out.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker down and in. One and oh.
The one-oh... Sinker up in the eyes, two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Sinker runs inside, three and oh.
And the three-oh... fouled back to the screen, three and one.
And the three-one... chopped foul down the first base line. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker misses low, and Caleb Jones is aboard with a walk.

Runners on first and second, nobody out, for Nate Diaz.
And Garcia from the stretch... Curveball misses a bit low, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Sinker, snaps over the backdoor, one and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Roller to short. They get the lead runner at second and turn it for a double play for out number two.

Runner on third, two down, for Owen Chen.
Here's the pitch... Curveball runs a bit inside, one and oh.
Garcia kicks and delivers... A screaming liner to Ramirez, caught to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Alex Chase.
And Gibson deals... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Four-seam fastball over the head, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Roller to first. Chen will have it unassisted, and he steps on the bag for out number one.

And Kevin Webb will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Curveball down and in, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Line drive, left. A one-out base hit for Kevin Webb.

And that will bring up Omar Ramirez with a runner on first.
And Gibson from the stretch... fouled away. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Fastball runs inside, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Hit in the air to deep center field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots take a two-nothing lead here in the top of the third.

And Rex Power will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch to Power... Pop fly, to first. Chen drifting back... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And that will bring Evan Reed to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Reed... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
And the pitch... Slider misses high. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... fouled back and into the stands, one and two.
And the one-two... fouled down the line, and the count stays at one and two.
Here is the one-two... Fly ball into shallow left. Fisher coming in. And he puts the squeeze on it to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Miles Corbin leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
Garcia winds and fires... Reed drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Grant Fisher will step in with one away and nobody on.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sinker nearly hits him, one and oh.
And Garcia delivers... fouled back and out of play. One and one.
The one-one... Sinker, catches the black, one and two.
And the one-two... chopped foul, count holds at one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Slider in the dirt. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Grant Fisher is down on strikes for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Leo Vance.
And the pitch... Slider, in the zone. Oh and one.
The oh-one... tapped foul down the line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Leo Vance goes down swinging to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Garcia. It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0 after three. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Felix Washington will lead off the inning.
And Gibson delivers... Slider misses outside, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... he fouls it off, one and one.
And Gibson delivers... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And the pitch... Changeup misses high and wide, two and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Lined to center. That one drops in. Felix Washington is aboard with a leadoff single here in the top of the fourth.

And Hank Barrett steps in with a runner on first, nobody out.
And the pitch... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Squares around and bunts it to first. Chen charges and throws to first for out number one.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Joe Gibson. A runner on second, one away.
And Gibson deals... Changeup just misses outside, one and oh.
The one-oh... he fouls that one off. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball, right down Main Street. One and two.
And Gibson delivers... Four-seam fastball misses a bit low, two and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... sent foul and out of play. Still two and two.
The two-two... Fastball, got him looking! Wes Griffin goes down for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in against Joe Gibson. A runner on second, two down.
And the pitch to Hawkins... Fastball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... slashed out of play, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Slider way outside. One and two.
And the one-two... fouled back and into the stands, count holds at one and two.
And the one-two... Fastball in the dirt. Two and two.
And Gibson delivers... he spoils a good pitch. Count remains two and two.
And the two-two... hit foul down the line. Count remains two and two.
Here is the two-two... Curveball high and tight, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Driven into deep first. Chen drifting back. And he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Leading off, right field, Marcus Thorne.
Lefty against the lefty.
Here's the pitch... Curveball wide, one and oh.
And the pitch... just gets a piece of it, one and one.
The one-one pitch... he spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And the one-two... Sinker wide, two and two.
Here is the two-two... Slider runs high, and the count is now full. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... he gets a piece of it, count holds at three and two.
The payoff pitch... Hit in the air to deep center field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead two-to-one here in the bottom of the fourth.

Sam Decker digs in. He'll lead off.
And Garcia deals... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. And Sam Decker stands at second with a double here in the bottom of the fourth.

Runner on second, nobody out, for Jackson Riley.
And Garcia deals... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. And Jackson Riley stands at second with a double here in the bottom of the fourth, and we are all knotted up at two.

And Caleb Jones steps in against Miguel Garcia. A runner on second, nobody out.
And the pitch... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Bunted foul. Oh and two.
The oh-two... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to first. Washington fields it and throws to first for out number one.

A runner on third, one away. Nate Diaz at the plate.
Righty against the lefty.
Here's the pitch... Curveball just off the plate, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... he fouls it off, one and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker, called strike. One and two.
And Garcia's pitch... Curveball misses high and wide, two and two.
And the two-two... he gets a piece of it, count holds at two and two.
The two-two pitch... chopped foul, and the count stays at two and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Chopper back to the box. Garcia fields it cleanly and fires to first for out number two, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 3-to-2 lead.

Bases empty, two down, for Owen Chen.
And the pitch to Chen... Sinker, swung on and missed, oh and one.
The oh-one... A drive into the gap! Owen Chen on his way to third... and he slides in safely. Owen Chen is aboard with a two-out triple here in the bottom of the fourth.

And that will bring up Miles Corbin with a runner on third.
Garcia winds and fires... Curveball, caught the corner, oh and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker nearly hits him. One and one.
The one-one... Slow roller to second. Chase picks it up and fires to first to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 3 after four. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Fastball, he hacks at it and misses, oh and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Slider runs inside. One and one.
The one-one... Bouncer to first. Chen takes it himself and steps on the bag for out number one.

And Kevin Webb steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch to Webb... hammered foul, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Heater, called a strike. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Four-seam fastball runs a bit low, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Curveball misses low and inside, two and two.
And the two-two... Fastball runs a bit inside, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Heater spikes before the plate, and Kevin Webb is aboard with a one-out walk.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

So a runner on first and one away for Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
Adams kicks and delivers and the runner breaks! Knuckle curve bounced in the dirt, one and one.
The throw down... not in time! Kevin Webb steals second.
Here comes the one-one... Hard grounder to first. Chen is up with it and he fires to first for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in against Adam Adams. A runner on third, two down.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve over the head, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Knuckle curve, comes up empty, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... he spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And Adams's pitch... That one drops in. A two-out base hit for Rex Power, and this game is now tied at three.

Runner on first, two down, for Evan Reed.
And Adams from the stretch... Fastball high and tight, one and oh.
And Adams delivers... Lined into the glove of Diaz to end the inning.

Score is tied at 3. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Grant Fisher digs in. He'll lead off.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, right down the middle. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... fouled back and out of play, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Lined through the left side. That one drops in. Grant Fisher is aboard with a leadoff single here in the bottom of the fifth.

And that will bring up Leo Vance with a runner on first.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and inside, one and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, paints the corner, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Line drive to right. That one is into the glove of Hawkins for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in. A runner on first, one away.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker just misses outside, one and oh.
Garcia kicks and delivers... tapped foul down the line, one and one.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sinker wide, two and two.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, count is full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball, struck him out swinging! Marcus Thorne goes down for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

A runner on first, two down. Sam Decker at the plate.
And Logan from the stretch... Four-seam fastball runs a bit inside. One and oh.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball way outside, two and oh.
Logan kicks and delivers... sent foul and out of play, two and one.
And the two-one... Lined into shallow center, and that one will drop in. Sam Decker is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the fifth.

Runners on first and second, two down, for Jackson Riley.
And the pitch... chopped foul. Oh and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... Fastball bounced in the dirt, one and one.
Logan kicks and delivers... fouled back and into the stands, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Fastball misses low and inside, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers take a 6-to-3 lead.

And Caleb Jones will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... fouled down the line, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Fastball misses outside, one and two.
Logan kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball, gets him swinging! Caleb Jones goes down to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Felix Washington steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch to Washington... fouled away, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve misses just a bit outside, one and one.
And the one-one... Knuckle curve, cut on and missed, one and two.
The one-two... Fastball, in there for strike three, and Felix Washington goes down looking for out number one.

And Hank Barrett will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Lifted to shallow left. Fisher drifting back and calling for it. And he makes the catch for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Heater a bit inside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Routine play for Jones and he flips to first to retire Wes Griffin to end the inning.

Adams retires the side in order. Score remains Bay Area Bombers 6, Pacific City Pilots 3. We'll be back with the sixth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Nate Diaz steps in to start the inning.
Logan winds and fires... Chopper to third. Ramirez is there and he fires to first for out number one.

And that will bring Owen Chen to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
The oh-one... fouled back. Oh and two.
And the pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, count remains oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Fly ball, to right. Hawkins is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Miles Corbin is due up. two down, bases empty.
Here's the pitch... Dribbler to third. Backhanded pick by Ramirez and he fires to first to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Logan. Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, TJ Hawkins.
Adams winds and fires... Knuckle curve just off the plate. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, one and one.
The one-one... Knuckle curve, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, one and two.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Count holds at one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve a bit inside, two and two.
And the two-two... Lined through the left side, and that one will drop in for a base hit. TJ Hawkins is aboard with a leadoff single here in the top of the seventh.

And that will bring up Alex Chase with a runner on first.
And the pitch... Pulled into left. Fisher is there and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Kevin Webb steps in. A runner on first, one away.
Lefty against the lefty.
From the belt, the pitch... Knuckle curve, caught the corner. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Four-seam fastball misses a bit low, one and one.
And the one-one... Knuckle curve, cut on and missed. One and two.
And the one-two... Corbin scoops it up and fires to first to retire Kevin Webb for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

So a runner on second and two down for Omar Ramirez.
And Miller deals... Lined into shallow center field, and that one will drop in. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the seventh.

Rex Power comes to the plate. Runners on first and third and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... Slider misses low. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Base hit to center. Rex Power is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the seventh, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead 6-to-4.

And Evan Reed steps in. Runners on first and second, two down.
And the pitch... Slider misses away. One and oh.
The one-oh... Sinker, swung on and missed, one and one.
And Miller delivers... he spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And Miller delivers... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Evan Reed is aboard with a two-out double here in the top of the seventh, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead 6-to-5 here in the top of the seventh.

And Felix Washington steps in. Runners on second and third, two down.
Felix Washington takes one for the team.

Runners on second and third, two down. Hank Barrett at the plate.
And Miller's pitch... Slider, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker way outside, one and one.
And Miller's pitch... Grounder to short. Jones has it and tosses to first to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 6, Pacific City Pilots 5. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Grant Fisher steps in to lead things off.
And Logan deals... he fouls that one off. Oh and one.
And Logan delivers... Dribbler to third. Backhanded pick by Ramirez and he fires to first in time for out number one.

And Leo Vance steps in against Ben Logan. one away, nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
And Logan delivers... fouled down the line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Curveball way upstairs, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Fastball, freezes him on the inner edge, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball spikes before the plate, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Curveball high and inside, count is full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Fastball, struck him out swinging! Leo Vance goes down for out number two.

And Marcus Thorne steps in against Ben Logan. two down, nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
And Logan delivers... Fastball, a strike, oh and one.
And the pitch... Fastball bounced in the dirt, one and one.
And the one-one... Curveball over the head. Two and one.
And the pitch... Fastball runs a bit inside, three and one.
And the three-one... Curveball high and tight, and Marcus Thorne is aboard with a walk.

Runner on first, two down, for Sam Decker.
Logan winds and fires... Fastball in the dirt, one and oh.
The one-oh... Griffin has it and tosses to first to retire Sam Decker to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Batting first and playing shortstop, Wes Griffin.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Slider just off the plate, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... fouled back and out of play, one and one.
And the one-one... he fouls that one off, one and two.
And the pitch... Sinker way upstairs, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Line drive, left field. The inning starts with a base hit from Wes Griffin.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with a runner on first, nobody out.
And Miller from the stretch... Sinker runs a bit inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Sinker misses outside. Two and oh.
And Miller's pitch... fouled away, two and one.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker brushes him back, three and one.
Here is the three-one... Slider misses low and inside, and TJ Hawkins draws a walk.

And Alex Chase steps in against Colin Miller. Runners on first and second, nobody out.
And Miller deals... Squared around, but he fouls it. Oh and one.
And the pitch... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to first. Chen fields it and throws to first for out number one.

And that will bring up Kevin Webb with runners on second and third.
And the pitch... Sinker down and in, one and oh.
Miller kicks and delivers... Lined sharply to Diaz for out number two.

So runners on and two down for Omar Ramirez.
Righty against righty.
And Miller delivers... Sinker, called a strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Lined into shallow right field. That one drops in. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the eighth, and we are all knotted up at six.

And Rex Power steps in against Colin Miller. Runners on first and third, two down.
And Miller deals... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. Rex Power is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the eighth, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 7-to-6 lead here in the top of the eighth.

And that will bring up Evan Reed with runners on first and second.
And Miller comes to the plate... Sinker, cut on and missed. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider down and in. One and one.
And Miller delivers... just gets a piece of it, one and two.
The one-two... Slider, swings through it for strike three, and Evan Reed is set down swinging to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 7, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Batting first and playing designated hitter, Jackson Riley.
Logan winds and fires... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Four-seam fastball misses just a bit outside. One and two.
And the one-two... Lined to center. That one drops in. The inning starts with a base hit from Jackson Riley.

And that will bring up Caleb Jones with a runner on first.
And the pitch to Jones... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Squared around, but he fouls it, oh and two.
And the pitch... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul. And the count stays at oh and two.
And the pitch... Squared around, but he fouls it. Count holds at oh and two.
And the oh-two... Squares around and bunts it to short. Griffin charges and throws to first for out number one.

And that will bring up Nate Diaz with a runner on second.
And Logan from the stretch... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to short. Griffin fields it and throws to first for out number two.

And Owen Chen steps in against Ben Logan. A runner on third, two down.
And Logan comes to the plate... Fastball just misses outside, one and oh.
And Logan's pitch... Four-seam fastball nearly hits him, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Fastball down and in. Three and oh.
And Logan delivers... just gets a piece of it, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Fastball, swung on and missed, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Fly ball, right. Hawkins will have room... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And with eight in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 7, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Felix Washington steps in to lead things off.
Miller winds and fires... Sinker nearly hits him, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... fisted foul and out of play, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider sails over the letters, two and one.
And the pitch... Sinker high and tight, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... he spoils a good pitch. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider, struck him out swinging! Felix Washington goes down for out number one.

And that will bring Hank Barrett to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Barrett... chopped foul, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... he fouls that one off. Oh and two.
An error by 2B Nate Diaz allows the batter to reach base.

So a runner on first and one away for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, oh and two.
And Miller's pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. And the count stays at oh and two.
And Miller delivers... A well-placed bunt to third. Corbin to first for out number two.

Runner on second, two down, for TJ Hawkins.
And the pitch to Hawkins... slashed out of play. Oh and one.
And Miller delivers... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Slider just misses outside, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sinker runs a bit low. Two and two.
The two-two... dribbled foul down the first base line. Count holds at two and two.
Here is the two-two... fouled back. Count holds at two and two.
And the pitch... fouled away, and we'll do it again.
Miller kicks and delivers... Vance calling for it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 7, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

Leading off, Miles Corbin.
And the pitch... he fouls it off, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Curveball, freezes him on the inner edge, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... he fouls that one off. Count holds at oh and two.
And the oh-two... chopped foul, so we'll do it again.
The oh-two... fouled back and out of play, so we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Curveball high and tight. One and two.
And the one-two... flied foul and out of play. Count remains one and two.
The one-two pitch... Grounder to second. Chase backhands it and fires to first for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

And Grant Fisher will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And Malone deals... Slider up in the eyes, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... fouled back and into the stands. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... he fouls it off, one and two.
The one-two... Slider misses low and inside, two and two.
An error by LF Evan Reed allows the batter to reach base.

And Leo Vance steps in against Rollie Malone. A runner on first, one away.
And Malone deals... Slider runs inside. One and oh.
And Malone delivers... Sinker sails over the letters. Two and oh.
The two-oh... sent foul and out of play. Two and one.
And the two-one... Roller to second. They get the lead runner at second and turn it for a double play to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 6 - Pacific City Pilots 7
Pacific City Pilots win!