The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Sleep Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 75°F, Clear.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase will lead off the inning.
And the pitch to Chase... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... fouled back and out of play. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Changeup high and inside, one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider runs inside, two and two.
And Gibson's pitch... fouled back to the screen, still two and two.
And the pitch... Line drive, left. The inning starts with a base hit from Alex Chase.

And Kevin Webb will step in with a runner on first and nobody out.
And the pitch... Popped up, second. Diaz is calling for it... he makes the catch for out number one.

Runner on first, one away, for Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... Fastball down and in, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Slider misses a bit low, two and oh.
Gibson kicks and delivers runner goes! Curveball, cut on and missed, two and one.
Throw to second is not in time. Alex Chase steals second.
The two-one... Fastball, a big swing and a miss, two and two.
And the two-two... fisted foul and out of play, still two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Curveball low and away, count is full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider misses outside, and Omar Ramirez is aboard with a one-out walk.

Runners on first and second, one away, for Rex Power.
And the pitch... Slider misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Popped up on the infield. Diaz is camped under it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Evan Reed steps in. Runners on first and second, two down.
And Gibson's pitch... Curveball way outside, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fly ball, to right. Thorne drifting in... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Leo Vance will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
And the oh-one... hammered foul, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... lined foul, and we'll do it again.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... fouled away, and the count stays at oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Curveball just misses outside, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Curveball, strike three called, and Leo Vance strikes out looking for out number one.

And that will bring Marcus Thorne to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Garcia winds and fires... hammered foul, oh and one.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball misses just a bit outside, one and one.
And the one-one... Curveball misses away, two and one.
The two-one pitch... fouled back to the screen, two and two.
And the pitch... fouled down the line, count remains two and two.
And the pitch... Slider sails over the letters, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker misses away, and Marcus Thorne is aboard with a one-out walk.

A runner on first, one away. Sam Decker at the plate.
And the pitch to Decker... hammered foul, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... fouled back and out of play, oh and two.
The oh-two... Sent deep to center, but Webb has plenty of room. He makes the catch for out number two.

And that will bring up Jackson Riley with a runner on first.
Righty against the lefty.
From the belt, the pitch... High fly ball down the line... and that one is gone! And the Bay Area Bombers take a two-nothing lead.

And Caleb Jones steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker just off the plate, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... hammered foul, one and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. One and two.
And Garcia delivers... Roller to second. Chase scoops it up and fires to first to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 0, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Felix Washington leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Here's the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... chopped foul. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... fisted foul and out of play, and the count stays at oh and two.
The oh-two... Fastball misses down and in, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Curveball way outside, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... fouled away, still two and two.
And the two-two pitch... fouled back, count holds at two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Fastball, called strike three, and Felix Washington goes down looking for out number one.

And Hank Barrett will step in with one away and the bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... That one drops in. Hank Barrett is on with a one-out single.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Joe Gibson. A runner on first, one away.
And the pitch to Griffin... Changeup misses outside. One and oh.
And the pitch... Curveball, comes up empty. One and one.
And the pitch... Slider misses outside. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... Roller to short. They get the lead runner at second and turn it for a double play to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 2, Pacific City Pilots 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Nate Diaz.
Garcia winds and fires... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Bouncer to first. Washington takes it himself and steps on the bag for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and nobody on.
Here's the pitch... Curveball down and in, one and oh.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker misses high, two and oh.
The two-oh... Sinker, a big swing and a miss, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... slashed out of play, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... he fouls that one off. So we'll do it again.
And the two-two... chopped foul. Count remains two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Owen Chen strikes out for out number two.

And Miles Corbin will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Here's the pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... hammered foul. Oh and two.
And Garcia delivers... Slider down and in. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Hard chopper to short. Griffin snares it and fires to first to end the inning.

Garcia sets them down in order. It's Pacific City Pilots 0, Bay Area Bombers 2 after two. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, TJ Hawkins.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Lined to center! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. TJ Hawkins starts the inning with a stand-up double here in the top of the third.

Alex Chase comes to the plate. A runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... A well-placed bunt to second. Diaz to first for out number one.

And Kevin Webb steps in. A runner on third, one away.
And Gibson comes to the plate... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... fouled away, one and one.
Here is the one-one... slashed out of play, one and two.
And the one-two... Four-seam fastball high and inside. Two and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider misses low, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Fastball runs high, and Kevin Webb is aboard with a one-out walk.

And Omar Ramirez steps in. Runners on first and third, one away.
And Gibson delivers and the runner breaks! Curveball, in there for a called strike. Oh and one.
Throw to second is not in time. Kevin Webb steals second.
And the oh-one pitch... Changeup, cut on and missed. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Fastball runs a bit low. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... sent foul and out of play, count holds at one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... just gets a piece of it, still one and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... A sacrifice fly to center, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead two-to-one here in the top of the third.

And Rex Power will step in with a runner on second and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... Lined to center! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Rex Power rips one into the gap for a two-out double, and this game is now tied at two.

And that will bring up Evan Reed with a runner on second.
And Gibson comes to the plate... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Four-seam fastball misses just a bit outside. One and one.
And the pitch... he fouls it off, one and two.
And the one-two... fouled away, count remains one and two.
And the pitch... Lined into the glove of Jones to end the inning.

Score is tied at 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Grant Fisher will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... Grounder to first. Washington scoops it up and steps on the bag for out number one.

And Leo Vance will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia's pitch... Dribbler to second. Backhanded pick by Chase and he fires to first to retire Leo Vance for out number two.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. two down, bases empty.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, paints the corner for a called strike. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Bouncer to short. Griffin gloves it and flips to first to end the inning.

Garcia sets them down in order. And we are tied at 2 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Batting first and playing first base, Felix Washington.
And Gibson's pitch... Changeup misses just a bit outside. One and oh.
The one-oh... fisted foul and out of play, one and one.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Four-seam fastball misses low and outside. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... fouled back and into the stands, count holds at two and two.
Here is the two-two... Slider, called strike three, and Felix Washington strikes out looking for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Hank Barrett.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson deals... Four-seam fastball misses a bit low. One and oh.
Here is the one-oh... fights it off. One and one.
And the one-one... fouled back and into the stands, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Changeup sails over the letters. Two and two.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Fastball, gets him swinging! Hank Barrett goes down for out number two.

And Wes Griffin will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And Gibson deals... Driven into deep center. Vance drifting back. And he makes the catch to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Gibson. And we are tied at 2 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Sam Decker.
And Garcia's pitch... chopped foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider misses just a bit outside, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Curveball misses low and outside, two and one.
And the two-one... sent foul and out of play, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... just gets a piece of it. Count remains two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Curveball misses high, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Lined into shallow left! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Sam Decker starts the inning with a stand-up double here in the bottom of the fourth.

Runner on second, nobody out, for Jackson Riley.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker, paints the corner for a strike. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Base hit into shallow center. Jackson Riley is aboard with a single.

And Caleb Jones steps in with runners on first and third, nobody out.
And Garcia deals... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Curveball sails over the letters. One and two.
And the pitch... Sinker, called strike three, and Caleb Jones is down on strikes for out number one.

Runners on first and third, one away. Nate Diaz at the plate.
And the pitch... Sinker, squeezes a grounder through up the middle. A one-out base hit for Nate Diaz, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 3-to-2 lead here in the bottom of the fourth.

And Owen Chen steps in against Miguel Garcia. Runners on first and second, one away.
Here's the pitch... Curveball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... lined foul, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Sinker, fans him! Owen Chen goes down for out number two.

And Miles Corbin will step in with runners on first and second and two down.
And Garcia's pitch... Curveball misses high. One and oh.
And the one-oh... chopped foul down the first base line. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, two and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker low and away. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... fouled back to the screen. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... hammered foul, and the count stays at three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sinker misses down and in, and Miles Corbin is aboard with a walk.

And Grant Fisher will step in with the bases loaded and two down.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low, one and oh.
An error by 1B Felix Washington allows the batter to reach base, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead 4-to-2.

The bases loaded, two down. Leo Vance at the plate.
And the pitch... Sinker, a strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider runs high, one and one.
And the one-one... Washington has it and tosses to first to retire Leo Vance to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, TJ Hawkins.
And the pitch... Hit in the air down the line! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers now lead 4-to-3 here in the top of the fifth.

And Alex Chase will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
Gibson winds and fires... fouled back and into the stands. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Grounder to first. Chen scoops it up and steps on the bag for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Kevin Webb.
Gibson winds and fires... Four-seam fastball misses high, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider misses away, two and oh.
And the pitch... Slider high and inside, three and oh.
The three-oh pitch... Slider misses high and wide, and Kevin Webb draws a walk.

And Omar Ramirez steps in. A runner on first, one away.
And Gibson comes to the plate... lined foul, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Curveball, swung on and missed. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Fastball, got him looking! Omar Ramirez goes down for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in with a runner on first, two down.
And Gibson deals... Hammered into shallow center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Rex Power is aboard with a two-out double here in the top of the fifth.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. Runners on second and third and two down.
And Gibson's pitch... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. A two-out base hit for Evan Reed, and we are all knotted up at four.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Joe Gibson.

And Felix Washington steps in. Runners on first and third, two down.
Miller winds and fires... Sinker just off the plate, one and oh.
The one-oh... Lined into shallow right field. That one drops in. Felix Washington is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the fifth, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 5-to-4 lead.

And Hank Barrett will step in with runners on first and second and two down.
Righty against righty.
From the belt, the pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Corbin to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Marcus Thorne will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... Dribbler to third. Backhanded pick by Ramirez and he fires to first to retire Marcus Thorne for out number one.

And Sam Decker will step in with one away and nobody on.
Righty against the lefty.
Garcia winds and fires... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... he spoils a good pitch, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Sinker misses upstairs. One and two.
And Garcia delivers... fouled down the line, and we'll do it again.
And the one-two pitch... Hit in the air to center. Webb is after it and he makes the catch for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

And Jackson Riley steps in against Ben Logan. two down, nobody on.
Righty against righty.
And Logan's pitch... lined foul. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... tapped foul down the line. So we'll do it again.
Here comes the oh-two... Heater misses low and outside. One and two.
And the pitch... Curveball just off the plate, two and two.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball misses high and wide, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, so we'll do it again.
And the 3-2 pitch... Four-seam fastball misses away, and Jackson Riley draws a walk.

And Caleb Jones will step in with a runner on first and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... A screaming liner to Washington, caught to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Wes Griffin leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Here's the pitch... fisted foul and out of play, oh and one.
The oh-one... sent foul and out of play, oh and two.
And the oh-two... fouled back and out of play, and we'll do it again.
Miller kicks and delivers... fouled back to the screen, and the count stays at oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... chopped foul. So we'll do it again.
And Miller delivers... just gets a piece of it, and we'll do it again.
The oh-two... Sinker misses low. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker misses low and outside, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, and the count is now full. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... fouled back. And we'll do it again.
The payoff pitch... Slider misses high and wide, and Wes Griffin is aboard with a leadoff walk.

Runner on first, nobody out, for TJ Hawkins.
And Miller's pitch... just gets a piece of it, oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker misses low, one and one.
The one-one pitch... hammered foul, one and two.
And the one-two... A screaming liner to Corbin, caught for out number one.

And that will bring up Alex Chase with a runner on first.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses down and in. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... That one drops in. A one-out base hit for Alex Chase.

And that will bring up Kevin Webb with runners on first and second.
Lefty against the righty.
And Miller comes to the plate... The bunt attempt is fouled off. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Sinker, he chases it for strike three, and Kevin Webb is set down swinging for out number two.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. Runners on first and second and two down.
And Miller deals... fouled away. Oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... Slider misses low and inside, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Lifted to shallow center. Vance drifting back and calling for it. And he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Leading off, second base, Nate Diaz.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch to Diaz... Chopped to third. Ramirez charges and throws to first for out number one.

And Owen Chen steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fastball, catches the black, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Heater, swung on and missed. Oh and two.
And Logan delivers... Curveball, in there for strike three, and Owen Chen is rung up for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Miles Corbin.
Logan winds and fires... Fastball misses away. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... fouled back and out of play, one and one.
And Logan delivers... Heater down and in, two and one.
The two-one... Fastball, a big swing and a miss. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low and outside, and the count is now full. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... lined foul, count holds at three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... he gets a piece of it, so we'll do it again.
And the 3-2 pitch... flied foul and out of play. And we'll do it again.
And the 3-2 pitch... Four-seam fastball way outside, and Miles Corbin is aboard with a two-out walk.

And Grant Fisher will step in with a runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Curveball spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And the pitch... Fastball misses down and in. Two and oh.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball just misses outside, three and oh.
And the three-oh... Reed calling for it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Rex Power steps in to lead things off.
Here's the pitch... slashed out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and two.
Miller kicks and delivers... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Rex Power is set down swinging for out number one.

And that will bring Evan Reed to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider a bit inside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker just off the plate. Two and oh.
And Miller delivers... fouled down the line, two and one.
Here is the two-one... he fouls it off. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... dribbled foul down the first base line. And we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Hit well to left, but Fisher is there to make the catch for out number two.

And Felix Washington will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Sinker just off the plate, one and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker misses high and wide, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Sent on the ground to short. Jones up with it, over to first to end the inning.

Miller sets them down in order. And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

And Leo Vance will lead off the inning.
And Logan's pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Four-seam fastball, comes up empty, oh and two.
The oh-two... hammered foul. And we'll do it again.
The oh-two... hit foul down the line, so we'll do it again.
And Logan's pitch... fisted foul and out of play, still oh and two.
And the oh-two... Curveball misses high and wide. One and two.
And the one-two... Four-seam fastball, got him looking! Leo Vance goes down for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. one away, bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And Logan deals... Fastball, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Four-seam fastball, comes up empty, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Marcus Thorne doubles with one away.

And Sam Decker steps in. A runner on second, one away.
And Logan from the stretch... Base hit up the middle. Sam Decker is aboard with a one-out single here in the bottom of the seventh.

So runners on and one away for Jackson Riley.
Here's the pitch... Four-seam fastball high and tight, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Fastball, swung on and missed, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... hit foul down the line, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Fastball a bit inside. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Four-seam fastball misses away, count is full. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Four-seam fastball, swings through it for strike three, and Jackson Riley is down on strikes for out number two.

And Caleb Jones steps in. Runners on first and third, two down.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... he fouls that one off, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Caleb Jones goes down swinging to end the inning.

And with seven in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Hank Barrett will lead off the inning.
Here's the pitch... he gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... fouled away. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Slider, gets him swinging! Hank Barrett goes down for out number one.

And Wes Griffin will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
Miller winds and fires... Slider misses high and wide, one and oh.
And Miller delivers... Thorne calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins will step in with two down and nobody on.
And Miller deals... Slider spikes before the plate, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... he fouls that one off. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Sinker runs inside, two and one.
And Miller delivers... Slider misses low and outside, three and one.
The three-one... Sinker runs inside, and TJ Hawkins is aboard with a walk.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Colin Miller.

And Alex Chase steps in. A runner on first, two down.
Adams winds and fires... Knuckle curve, called strike one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... fouled back, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Fastball, swings through it for strike three, and Alex Chase is down on strikes to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Nate Diaz.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... fisted foul and out of play, oh and one.
The oh-one... Chase scoops it up and fires to first to retire Nate Diaz for out number one.

And that will bring Owen Chen to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And Logan deals... Curveball misses away, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Fastball a bit inside, two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Fastball misses low and outside, three and oh.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball way outside, and Owen Chen is aboard with a one-out walk.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

And Miles Corbin steps in against Rollie Malone. A runner on first, one away.
And the pitch... hammered foul. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... chopped foul. Oh and two.
And the pitch... hammered foul, and the count stays at oh and two.
And the pitch... just gets a piece of it, still oh and two.
Malone kicks and delivers... lined foul, so we'll do it again.
And Malone delivers... He hits a fielder's choice to short.

Runner on first, two down, for Grant Fisher.
And the pitch... Lined through the right side, and that one will drop in for a base hit. A two-out base hit for Grant Fisher.

And Leo Vance will step in with runners on first and second and two down.
And the pitch to Vance... Lined sharply to Ramirez to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Kevin Webb leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And Adams delivers... fights it off. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Hard grounder to short, smothered by Jones and he fires to first for out number one.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with one away and the bases empty.
Adams winds and fires... he fouls that one off, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fly ball, right. Thorne will have room... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve misses high, one and oh.
Adams kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball, a big swing and a miss. One and one.
And Adams delivers... Knuckle curve high and inside. Two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Knuckle curve misses low, three and one.
And Adams's pitch... Hit in the air to right. Thorne is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Adams sets them down in order. And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Marcus Thorne digs in. He'll lead off.
Malone winds and fires... Lined sharply to Washington for out number one.

And Sam Decker is due up. one away, bases empty.
And Malone deals... Slider high and tight. One and oh.
Malone kicks and delivers... fouled down the line, one and one.
And Malone delivers... Slider runs high. Two and one.
The two-one... Fly ball, left. Reed is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Jackson Riley will step in with two down and nobody on.
Here's the pitch... chopped foul. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... hit foul down the line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Lined into shallow right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Jackson Riley rips one into the gap for a two-out double.

Runner on second, two down, for Caleb Jones.
And the pitch to Jones... Line drive, left. Caleb Jones keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the bottom of the ninth.

And Nate Diaz will step in with runners on first and third and two down.
Righty against righty.
An error by 3B Omar Ramirez allows the batter to reach base, and this game is now tied at five.

Runners on first and second, two down, for Owen Chen.
And the pitch... Slider sails over the letters. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Slider misses just a bit outside, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Sinker, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, two and one.
Malone kicks and delivers... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses. Two and two.
The two-two... Sinker a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... he fouls it off, count holds at three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... tapped foul down the line. Count remains three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker, called strike three, and Owen Chen strikes out looking to end the inning.

Score is tied at 5. We'll be back with the 10th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 10th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Rex Power jogs out to take his lead.
Evan Reed comes to the plate. A runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch to Reed... Knuckle curve down and in. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... One hopper to first. Chen will have it unassisted. And he steps on the bag to retire Evan Reed for out number one.

A runner on third, one away. Felix Washington at the plate.
And Adams from the stretch... sent foul and out of play. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Knuckle curve, in there for a called strike, oh and two.
Adams kicks and delivers... he spoils a good pitch. Count remains oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Four-seam fastball, caught looking at strike three! Felix Washington goes down for out number two.

Runner on third, two down, for Hank Barrett.
Adams winds and fires... just gets a piece of it, oh and one.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve high and tight. One and one.
Adams kicks and delivers... Fastball misses outside, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Knuckle curve misses away. Three and one.
And the three-one... Knuckle curve, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Roller to short. Jones scoops it up and fires to first to retire Hank Barrett to end the inning.

Score is tied at 5. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

Automatic runner on second: Owen Chen jogs out to take his lead.
Miles Corbin comes to the plate. A runner on second and nobody out.
And Malone's pitch... Dribbler to second. Backhanded pick by Chase and he fires to first for out number one.

And Grant Fisher steps in. A runner on third, one away.
And Malone's pitch... Sinker misses down and in, one and oh.
The one-oh... Sinker way outside. Two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... fouled back and into the stands. Two and one.
And the pitch... Slider, called a strike on the inside corner, two and two.
And the two-two... Slider, struck him out swinging! Grant Fisher goes down for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Dennis Thompson replaces Rollie Malone.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. A runner on third and two down.
Lefty against the righty.
And Thompson delivers... Slider, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
An error by SS Wes Griffin allows the batter to reach base, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 6-to-5 lead here in the bottom of the 10th.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 6 - Pacific City Pilots 5
Bay Area Bombers win!