The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 72°F, Partly Cloudy, Wind 10 mph L to R.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch to Chase... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Four-seam fastball way upstairs, one and one.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball bounced in the dirt, two and one.
The two-one pitch... One hopper to Diaz, he has it and throws to first for out number one.

And Kevin Webb will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... Fastball spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And the one-oh... fights it off. One and one.
Here is the one-one... he fouls that one off, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Curveball, swings through it for strike three, and Kevin Webb is down on strikes for out number two.

Bases empty, two down, for Omar Ramirez.
Gibson winds and fires... Slider misses a bit low, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Slider, he hacks at it and misses. One and one.
The one-one... Fastball just misses outside, two and one.
The two-one... Hit in the air to right. Thorne is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Gibson sets them down in order. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

Leo Vance steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker, paints the corner, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Slider just off the plate, one and two.
And the one-two... Sinker sails over the letters. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... hit foul down the line, count remains two and two.
The two-two... Sinker bounced in the dirt, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Slider runs a bit inside, and Leo Vance is aboard with a leadoff walk.

A runner on first, nobody out. Marcus Thorne at the plate.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Slider bounced in the dirt, one and two.
And the one-two... Roller to short. They get the lead runner at second and turn it for a double play for out number two.

And Sam Decker will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
Garcia winds and fires... lined foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Griffin has it and tosses to first to retire Sam Decker to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Rex Power will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
Here's the pitch... Deep fly ball to deep left field... back, back... gone! A home run for Rex Power! And the Pacific City Pilots move out in front, one-nothing.

And Evan Reed steps in to start the inning.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... Pop fly, to short. Jones drifting back... and he makes the catch for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Felix Washington.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Hard liner through the right side. And that one drops in for a base hit. A one-out base hit for Felix Washington.

And Hank Barrett steps in with a runner on first, one away.
And Gibson from the stretch... Changeup runs a bit inside, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Fastball high and tight, two and oh.
The two-oh... Slider misses outside, three and oh.
The three-oh... fouled back to the screen. Three and one.
And Gibson delivers... Hit in the air to deep left field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-0.

And Wes Griffin is due up. one away, bases empty.
And Gibson deals... Fastball just misses outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... fisted foul and out of play, one and one.
And the pitch... Lined into shallow right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Wes Griffin doubles with one away.

TJ Hawkins comes to the plate. A runner on second and one away.
And Gibson deals... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Lines a clean single to left. TJ Hawkins reaches with a one-out single.

Runners on first and third, one away. Alex Chase at the plate.
And the pitch... Fastball over the head. One and oh.
The one-oh... fouled away. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Slider misses outside, two and one.
And the two-one... Fly ball into shallow short. Jones coming in. And he puts the squeeze on it for out number two.

And that will bring up Kevin Webb with runners on first and third.
And the pitch to Webb... hit foul down the line. Oh and one.
The oh-one... just gets a piece of it. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Slider high and inside, one and two.
And the one-two... Slider runs a bit inside. Two and two.
Here is the two-two... Fastball, called strike three, and Kevin Webb is rung up to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Jackson Riley steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Curveball wide. One and oh.
And the one-oh... hit foul down the line. One and one.
The one-one pitch... slashed out of play, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Curveball, caught looking at strike three! Jackson Riley goes down for out number one.

And Caleb Jones is due up. one away, bases empty.
And Garcia deals... Sinker misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... he fouls it off, one and one.
An error by 3B Omar Ramirez allows the batter to reach base.

A runner on first, one away. Nate Diaz at the plate.
And the pitch... Sinker down and in, one and oh.
And the pitch... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Nate Diaz.

And that will bring up Owen Chen with runners on second and third.
And the pitch... Slider runs high, one and oh.
The one-oh... One hopper to Griffin, he has it and throws to first for out number two, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-1.

And Miles Corbin will step in with a runner on third and two down.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, swung on and missed, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker nearly hits him. One and one.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Curveball way outside, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Sinker misses low and inside, three and one.
The three-one... hammered foul, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball brushes him back, and Miles Corbin draws a walk.

So runners on and two down for Grant Fisher.
Righty against the lefty.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker high and inside. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Roller to first. Washington will have it unassisted, and he steps on the bag to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the third inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, third base, Omar Ramirez.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch to Ramirez... Changeup runs a bit inside. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Fastball just off the plate, two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Heater misses high, three and oh.
Here comes the three-oh... hit foul down the line. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... Hit in the air to deep center. Vance racing back. And he makes a leaping grab to haul it in for out number one.

And Rex Power is due up. one away, bases empty.
And Gibson delivers... Lined to center. That one drops in. Rex Power is aboard with a one-out single here in the top of the third.

And Evan Reed steps in against Joe Gibson. A runner on first, one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And Gibson's pitch... fouled back, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... tapped foul down the line, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Slider, called strike three, and Evan Reed is down on strikes for out number two.

Runner on first, two down, for Felix Washington.
And the pitch to Washington... Curveball high and tight, one and oh.
Gibson kicks and delivers... he gets a piece of it, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Four-seam fastball runs inside, two and one.
And the two-one... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, two and two.
And the two-two... Four-seam fastball, rings him up! Felix Washington goes down to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leo Vance digs in. He'll lead off.
And Garcia delivers... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And Garcia delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... chopped foul. Count remains oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker misses a bit low, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Sinker misses outside, two and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Curveball bounced in the dirt, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker misses outside, and Leo Vance is aboard with a walk.

And that will bring up Marcus Thorne with a runner on first.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker a bit inside, one and two.
The one-two pitch... fights it off, so we'll do it again.
And Garcia delivers... Line drive, left. And Marcus Thorne is aboard with a single here in the bottom of the third.

And Sam Decker steps in. Runners on first and second, nobody out.
Righty against the lefty.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker down and in, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Lined into shallow center, and that one will drop in. And Sam Decker is aboard with a single here in the bottom of the third.

And Jackson Riley steps in with the bases loaded, nobody out.
And Garcia from the stretch... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Slider misses low and inside, one and one.
And Garcia delivers... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Curveball wide, two and two.
And Garcia delivers... Slider way outside, count is full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... fouled away. So we'll do it again.
Full count, here's the pitch... chopped foul, count holds at three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Jackson Riley is set down swinging for out number one.

So with the bases loaded and one away for Caleb Jones.
And Garcia deals... Grounder to short. Flip to second for one, onto first... double play!

It's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1 after three. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Hank Barrett will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And Gibson's pitch... Diaz calling for it... and he makes the squeeze for out number one.

And Wes Griffin will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... One hopper to first. Chen will have it unassisted. And he steps on the bag to retire Wes Griffin for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And Gibson deals... he spoils a good pitch, oh and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Fastball just misses outside. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Fastball, called a strike, one and two.
Here is the one-two... chopped foul down the first base line, count remains one and two.
Here is the one-two... Chen is camped under it, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Gibson. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Nate Diaz will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And Garcia delivers... he fouls that one off. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker, called strike. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Griffin scoops it up and fires to first to retire Nate Diaz for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Owen Chen.
And the pitch to Chen... slashed out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... fights it off. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Curveball in the dirt. One and two.
Garcia kicks and delivers... Sinker, strike three called, and Owen Chen is rung up for out number two.

Miles Corbin steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Here's the pitch... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses low and inside, one and one.
The one-one... Sinker misses just a bit outside, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Sinker runs inside, three and one.
And the three-one... fouled down the line, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker way upstairs, and Miles Corbin is aboard with a walk.

Grant Fisher comes to the plate. A runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Curveball misses low and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker, a big swing and a miss. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... flied foul and out of play. One and two.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker runs a bit inside. Two and two.
And the pitch... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Grant Fisher strikes out to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Alex Chase steps in to lead things off.
Gibson winds and fires... Slider misses outside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... hit foul down the line, one and one.
And the one-one... Fastball, a perfect strike. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Chopper to short. Jones gobbles it up and fires to first for out number one.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Webb... Fastball, in the zone. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Curveball, a big swing and a miss, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Lined to center. That one drops in. Kevin Webb is on with a one-out single.

Runner on first, one away, for Omar Ramirez.
And Gibson from the stretch and the runner goes! Four-seam fastball up in the eyes, one and oh.
Throw to second is not in time. Kevin Webb steals second.
And the one-oh... High fly ball, to center... and that one is caught by Vance for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in. A runner on second, two down.
And Gibson from the stretch... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Slider misses outside. One and one.
And the one-one... Heater, freezes him on the inner edge, one and two.
And the one-two... Changeup, he chases it for strike three, and Rex Power goes down swinging to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Miguel Garcia.

And Leo Vance steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch... fights it off, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... lined foul, oh and two.
And Malone's pitch... Fly ball, to center. Webb is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. one away, bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And Malone's pitch... Slider in the dirt. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Slider, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, one and one.
Malone kicks and delivers... tapped foul down the line. One and two.
And Malone delivers... Slider, strike three called, and Marcus Thorne is rung up for out number two.

And that will bring Sam Decker to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker way outside, one and one.
And the one-one... he gets a piece of it, one and two.
And Malone delivers... Sinker misses just a bit outside, two and two.
And the two-two... hammered foul. And the count stays at two and two.
And the pitch... Slider in the dirt, count is full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Bouncer back to the mound. Malone scoops it up and throws to first to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Malone. And with five in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Evan Reed leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And Gibson deals... Changeup low and away. One and oh.
The one-oh... Base hit to center. Evan Reed starts the inning with a base hit.

And Felix Washington steps in against Joe Gibson. A runner on first, nobody out.
And the pitch to Washington... Line drive to left. That one is into the glove of Fisher for out number one.

So a runner on first and one away for Hank Barrett.
Here's the pitch... Slider misses low and inside. One and oh.
Gibson kicks and delivers... fouled back, one and one.
Gibson kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball, drops onto the knees, one and two.
And the one-two... That one drops in. Hank Barrett is aboard with a one-out single here in the top of the sixth.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

Runners on first and second, one away, for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... Squares around and bunts it to first. Chen charges and throws to first for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with runners on second and third, two down.
Righty against the lefty.
And Adams from the stretch... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. A two-out base hit for TJ Hawkins, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 4-to-1.

Runners on first and third, two down, for Alex Chase.
And the pitch to Chase... chopped foul, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve, freezes him on the inner edge. Oh and two.
The oh-two... sent foul and out of play, count holds at oh and two.
And the pitch... fouled back, still oh and two.
And the oh-two... Fastball, caught looking at strike three! Alex Chase goes down to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 4, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Jackson Riley will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And Malone's pitch... Lined to center! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Jackson Riley is aboard with a leadoff double here in the bottom of the sixth.

So a runner on second and nobody out for Caleb Jones.
And the pitch to Jones... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... fouled back and into the stands. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Roller to third. Ramirez scoops it up and fires to first to retire Caleb Jones for out number one.

And Nate Diaz steps in against Rollie Malone. A runner on third, one away.
And the pitch... Hard liner captured by Ramirez for out number two.

A runner on third, two down. Owen Chen at the plate.
And Malone deals... Slider, snaps over the backdoor, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker, right down Main Street, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... fouled back and out of play, count holds at oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker, fans him! Owen Chen goes down to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 4, Bay Area Bombers 1 after six. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, center field, Kevin Webb.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Adams deals... he spoils a good pitch, oh and one.
Adams kicks and delivers... fouled back to the screen. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Roller to second. Diaz scoops it up and fires to first for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball way outside, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Lined to center! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. That's going to be a stand-up double for Omar Ramirez here in the top of the seventh.

And that will bring up Rex Power with a runner on second.
From the belt, the pitch... Four-seam fastball in the dirt. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Knuckle curve high and tight. Two and oh.
Adams kicks and delivers... Four-seam fastball misses away. Three and oh.
And the three-oh... Fastball, taken for a called strike. Three and one.
Here is the three-one... Fastball high and inside, and Rex Power is aboard with a one-out walk.

Runners on first and second, one away, for Evan Reed.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Adams deals... Four-seam fastball in the dirt, one and oh.
An error by P Adam Adams allows the batter to reach base.

Bases loaded, one away, for Felix Washington.
And Adams comes to the plate... Popped up, third. Corbin is calling for it... he makes the catch for out number two.

Bases loaded, two down, for Hank Barrett.
Adams winds and fires... Base hit into shallow center. A two-out base hit for Hank Barrett, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 5-to-1.

Bases loaded, two down, for Wes Griffin.
And Adams delivers... fisted foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Lined sharply to Diaz to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

Leading off, third base, Miles Corbin.
Lefty against the righty.
Malone winds and fires... fights it off. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Slider sails over the letters, one and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, caught the corner. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker just misses outside, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... he fouls that one off. So we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Roller to second. Chase scoops it up and fires to first to retire Miles Corbin for out number one.

And Grant Fisher is due up. one away, bases empty.
Grant Fisher is hit by the pitch.

Leo Vance steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And Malone deals... he fouls it off, oh and one.
Malone kicks and delivers... Slider, called a strike on the inside corner, oh and two.
And Malone's pitch... Sinker nearly hits him. One and two.
Here is the one-two... Roller to third. Ramirez scoops it up and fires to first to retire Leo Vance for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Rollie Malone.

Marcus Thorne steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Hit well to right, but Hawkins is there to make the catch to end the inning.

And with seven in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, right field, TJ Hawkins.
And Adams deals... fouled back. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Lined to left. That one drops in. A leadoff single for TJ Hawkins to get things going here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Alex Chase.
From the belt, the pitch... Bouncer to short, and they spin the double play for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
Here's the pitch... Slider misses just a bit outside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Lifted into right, routine play for Thorne.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Sam Decker steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Curveball runs inside. One and oh.
And Logan delivers... Hawkins tracks it down to right for out number one.

And Jackson Riley steps in against Ben Logan. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Loops one through the right side on a fastball. Jackson Riley reaches with a one-out single.

Caleb Jones comes to the plate. A runner on first and one away.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Popped up, to left. Reed is calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And that will bring up Nate Diaz with a runner on first.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Curveball way upstairs, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Curveball misses low. Two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Fastball low and away, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... dribbled foul down the first base line, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Curveball, called strike three, and Nate Diaz is rung up to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 1 after eight. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Omar Ramirez.
Here's the pitch... Slider down and in. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker runs high. Two and oh.
Miller kicks and delivers... Chopper to first. Chen is there and he fires to first for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Rex Power.
And the pitch to Power... Lined into the glove of Jones for out number two.

Evan Reed steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch to Reed... he gets a piece of it, oh and one.
And Miller delivers... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Lined sharply to Jones to end the inning.

Miller sets them down in order. And it remains Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

Owen Chen steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch to Chen... Four-seam fastball misses a bit low. One and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Curveball, called a strike on the inside corner, one and one.
And the one-one... Curveball, swung on and missed, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball misses a bit low, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Curveball, called strike three, and Owen Chen goes down looking for out number one.

Miles Corbin steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
Here's the pitch... Lined to center. That one drops in. A one-out base hit for Miles Corbin.

And Grant Fisher steps in. A runner on first, one away.
From the belt, the pitch... lined foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball, comes up empty, oh and two.
The oh-two... fouled away. Still oh and two.
The oh-two... Curveball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Grant Fisher strikes out for out number two.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. A runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Routine play for Hawkins, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 1 - Pacific City Pilots 5
Pacific City Pilots win!