The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 68°F, Overcast.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

Leading off, Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Dribbler to back to the mound. Backhanded pick by Gibson and he fires to first to retire Alex Chase for out number one.

And Kevin Webb steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch... Foul, back to the screen, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Foul, hammered into the stands. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Fastball, swings through it for strike three, and Kevin Webb is out.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, in there for a called strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Heater, paints the corner for a strike, oh and two.
The oh-two... Slider misses low and inside, one and two.
The one-two... fouled back and out of play, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Slider misses down and in, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball misses down and in, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... spoils a good pitch, three and two.
Omar Ramirez draws a walk.

And that will bring up Rex Power with runner on first.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup, a strike. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Foul, flied out of play. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Foul, back and out of play, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Foul, gets a piece of it, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Fastball misses down and in. One and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball misses upstairs. Two and two.
And Gibson's pitch... chopped foul on the first base line, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Slider misses just a bit outside, and the count is now full. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Deep fly ball to deep left field... back, back... gone! A home run for Rex Power! And the Pacific City Pilots take a two-nothing lead here in the top of the first.

Bases empty, two down, for Evan Reed.
And the pitch... Fastball misses high and wide, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Changeup misses just a bit outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, two and one.
And the two-one... Curveball misses just a bit outside, three and one.
And Gibson delivers... Hard grounder to first. Chen is up with it and tosses to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

Leo Vance digs in. He'll lead off.
And the pitch... Lined to right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Leo Vance is aboard with a leadoff double here in the bottom of the first.

And Marcus Thorne steps in against Miguel Garcia. runner on second, nobody out.
And Garcia from the stretch... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and one.
The oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Marcus Thorne is out.

So a runner on second and one away for Sam Decker.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Curveball, in there for a called strike, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Foul, jams him inside. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Foul, back and into the stands, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Curveball misses down and in, one and two.
The one-two... Curveball misses outside. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Foul, gets a piece of it, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Slider a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Foul, back and out of play. Three and two.
Sam Decker draws a walk.

runners on first and second, one away. Jackson Riley at the plate.
And Garcia from the stretch... Slider, cut on and missed. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Sinker, swung on and missed. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Curveball, caught looking at strike three, and Jackson Riley is out.

So a runner on first and second and two down for Caleb Jones.
And the pitch... Slider in the dirt, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Curveball just misses outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Sinker sails over the letters, three and oh.
Three-oh, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands, three and one.
And the three-one... Hit in the air to center. Webb is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0 after first. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Felix Washington steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch... Heater, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Heater in the dirt. One and one.
And the one-one... Slider, a big swing and a miss. One and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Foul, chopped on the first base line, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Fastball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Felix Washington is out.

And Hank Barrett is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Hard liner captured by Corbin for out number two.

And Wes Griffin will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Hard liner captured by Diaz to end the inning.

Gibson sets them down in order. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Nate Diaz steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch... Hit well to right, but Hawkins is there to make the catch for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... spoils a good pitch, oh and one.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Sinker down and in. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Sinker misses down and in, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Curveball high and tight, and Owen Chen is aboard with a walk.

And Miles Corbin steps in. runner on first, one away.
And the pitch... Curveball way outside, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... A fielder's choice to second off a slider.

Grant Fisher comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
And Garcia from the stretch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker low and away. One and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Line drive to center. That one is into the glove of Webb to end the inning.

And with second in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

TJ Hawkins steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Fastball runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Curveball low and away, two and oh.
The two-oh... Four-seam fastball misses outside, three and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Changeup sails over the letters, and TJ Hawkins is aboard with a walk.

And Alex Chase steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
And the oh-oh pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and one.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Fastball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Alex Chase is out.

runner on first, one away. Kevin Webb at the plate.
And the pitch... A double play ball to second.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, center field, Leo Vance.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Sinker, cut on and missed. One and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, two and one.
The two-one... Sinker in the dirt, three and one.
Here is the three-one... Foul, hammered into the stands, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker, struck him out swinging, and Leo Vance is out.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball in the dirt, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Sinker runs inside. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Sinker spikes before the plate, three and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, a big swing and a miss, three and one.
Here is the three-one... Slider, swung on and missed, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Slider misses low and inside, and Marcus Thorne is aboard with a walk.

runner on first, one away. Sam Decker at the plate.
And the pitch... Foul, back to the screen, oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, a strike. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Slider, rings him up, and Sam Decker strikes out looking.

And Jackson Riley steps in against Miguel Garcia. runner on first, two down.
And Garcia from the stretch... Slider sails over the letters. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Sinker just misses outside. Two and one.
And the two-one... Foul, back to the screen. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Sinker just misses outside, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Curveball misses upstairs, and Jackson Riley is aboard with a walk.

And Caleb Jones steps in with runners on first and second, two down.
And Garcia from the stretch... Slider, swung on and missed. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Foul, chopped on the first base line, oh and two.
The oh-two... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and two.
The oh-two... Sinker way outside, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Lined to center! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Caleb Jones rips one into the gap for a two-out double, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead two-to-one here in the bottom of the third.

Runner on second and third, two down, for Nate Diaz.
And the pitch... Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Slider high and tight. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Lined sharply to Griffin to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1 after third. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Omar Ramirez steps in to lead things off.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Foul, gets a piece of it, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider runs high. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a leadoff double here in the top of the fourth.

Rex Power comes to the plate. runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Slider, called strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Slider, swung on and missed, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup, gets him swinging, and Rex Power is out.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. runner on second and one away.
And the oh-oh pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Slider, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Slider misses just a bit outside, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Four-seam fastball, in there for strike three, and Evan Reed is out.

And Felix Washington steps in against Joe Gibson. runner on second, two down.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Fastball misses outside. One and one.
And the one-one... Slider misses just a bit outside, two and one.
And the two-one... Changeup misses outside, three and one.
The three-one pitch... Routine play for Vance, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 2-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

And Owen Chen will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses outside, one and oh.
And the pitch... Slider, a strike, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Curveball high and tight, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Sinker, called strike, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Sinker, swung on and missed for strike three, and Owen Chen is out.

And Miles Corbin steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Sinker, called strike, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Slider misses outside, one and one.
The one-one... Sinker a bit inside, two and one.
Here is the two-one... Griffin tracks it down to short for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Miguel Garcia.

And Grant Fisher steps in against Rollie Malone. two down, nobody on.
And the pitch... dribbled foul on the first base line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and two.
And Malone delivers... Popped up, to right. Hawkins is calling for it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Malone sets them down in order. Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, catcher, Hank Barrett.
And the pitch... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Fastball sails over the letters, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Slider in the dirt, two and two.
And the two-two... Curveball runs high, and the count is now full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... dribbled foul on the first base line. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. Hank Barrett starts the inning with a base hit.

And Wes Griffin will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
And the pitch... Foul, back and out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Changeup misses low and inside, one and one.
And the pitch... Foul, back and out of play, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, hammered into the stands, one and two.
And Gibson delivers... Four-seam fastball misses upstairs, two and two.
Here is the two-two... Slider just misses outside, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider in the dirt, and Wes Griffin draws a walk.

And TJ Hawkins steps in. runners on first and second, nobody out.
And Gibson from the stretch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Slider misses upstairs. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands, one and two.
And the one-two... Hit in the air to left. Fisher is after it and he makes the catch for out number one.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Joe Gibson.

And Alex Chase steps in against Colin Miller. runners on first and second, one away.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and two.
And the pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... He sacrifices to short on a 86.7 mph slider.

And Kevin Webb will step in with runners on second and third and two down.
And the pitch... Dribbler to second. Backhanded pick by Diaz and he fires to first to retire Kevin Webb to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

And Leo Vance leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And the pitch... Slider, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line, oh and two.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker just misses outside, one and two.
And Malone's pitch... Slider, fans him, and Leo Vance is out.

And that will bring Marcus Thorne to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Sinker misses low and inside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... A screaming liner to Griffin, caught for out number two.

And Sam Decker steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and one.
And Malone delivers... Lined into shallow center field. That one drops in. Sam Decker keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the bottom of the fifth.

And Jackson Riley steps in with runner on first, two down.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider, comes up empty, oh and two.
The oh-two... Sinker, struck him out swinging, and Jackson Riley strikes out.

And with fifth in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, third base, Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... Line drive, center. A leadoff single for Omar Ramirez to get things going here in the top of the sixth.

And Rex Power steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
And Miller from the stretch... Sinker spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And Miller delivers and the runner breaks! Sinker misses low, two and oh.
Throw to second is not in time. Omar Ramirez steals second.
The two-oh... Sinker, cut on and missed, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Slider, called strike one. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Slider down and in, and the count runs full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider misses outside, and Rex Power draws a walk.

Runner on first and second, nobody out, for Evan Reed.
And the pitch... Slider low and away. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... He loops one through the right side on a slider. Evan Reed is aboard with a single.

And Felix Washington steps in with the bases loaded, nobody out.
And the pitch... He a laser over the fence to deep right field on a slider, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 6-to-1 here in the top of the sixth.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Hank Barrett.
And the pitch... Thorne tracks it down to right for out number one.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Colin Miller. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch... Foul, back and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Sinker misses outside, two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Sinker, called a strike on the inside corner, two and two.
The two-two pitch... High fly ball, to right... and that one is caught by Thorne for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Sinker sails over the letters. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Pop fly, to third. Corbin drifting back... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 6-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Caleb Jones steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Grounded to Griffin, who fields it cleanly and throws to first for out number one.

And Nate Diaz steps in with one away and the bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Line drive, center. Nate Diaz reaches with a one-out single.

runner on first, one away. Owen Chen at the plate.
And the pitch... Sinker, comes up empty, oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, a big swing and a miss. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Lined through the left side. That one drops in. Owen Chen is aboard with a one-out single here in the bottom of the sixth.

And Miles Corbin steps in with runners on first and second, one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Foul, back to the screen, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Miles Corbin is out.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Grant Fisher.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, one and one.
And Malone delivers... Slider misses down and in. Two and one.
And Malone delivers and there he goes! Slider in the dirt, three and one.
The throw down... not in time! Nate Diaz steals third.
And the three-one pitch... Sinker, cut on and missed. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sinker sails over the letters, and Grant Fisher draws a walk.

And Leo Vance steps in against Rollie Malone. the bases loaded, two down.
And the pitch... Sinker, called strike, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And Malone delivers... Slider in the dirt, one and two.
And the one-two... spoils a good pitch, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Sinker, fans him, and Leo Vance is out.

And with sixth in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 6, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Sinker in the dirt, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Foul, hammered into the stands. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Sinker in the dirt, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Sinker, caught looking at strike three, and Alex Chase is out.

And that will bring Kevin Webb to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside, one and oh.
And Miller delivers... Slider, a strike, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Foul, tapped down the first base line. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider sails over the letters, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Slider low and away, and the count runs full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Slider misses high, and Kevin Webb is aboard with a walk.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with runner on first and one away.
And the pitch... Sinker spikes before the plate. One and oh.
The one-oh... spoils a good pitch. One and one.
And the one-one... Sinker misses high. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands. Two and two.
And Miller delivers... Sinker, caught looking at strike three, and Omar Ramirez is out.

And Rex Power steps in against Colin Miller. runner on first, two down.
And the pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed, oh and two.
And the pitch... High fly ball, to left... and that one is caught by Fisher to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 6-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Rollie Malone.

And Marcus Thorne leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, swung on and missed, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Foul, jams him inside, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Four-seam fastball misses upstairs, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Hard grounder to short. Griffin is up with it and tosses to first for out number one.

Sam Decker steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, catches the black, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... fights it off, oh and two.
And Logan's pitch... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Sam Decker.

And that will bring up Jackson Riley with runner on second.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Heater, cut on and missed. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead 6-to-3 here in the bottom of the seventh.

And Caleb Jones will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
The oh-one... Fastball misses high and wide, one and one.
And the one-one... Fastball, cut on and missed, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, one and two.
And the pitch... Fastball, rings him up, and Caleb Jones is out looking.

And Nate Diaz will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Curveball misses upstairs. Two and one.
Here comes the two-one... hammered foul and into the stands, two and two.
And the pitch... Curveball, rings him up, and Nate Diaz is out looking.

Pacific City Pilots 6, Bay Area Bombers 3. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Evan Reed.
And the pitch... Sinker misses high. One and oh.
The one-oh... Fisher tracks it down to left for out number one.

Bases empty, one away, for Felix Washington.
And the pitch... Lined to center. That one drops in. Felix Washington is on with a one-out single.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Colin Miller.

Runner on first, one away, for Hank Barrett.
And the pitch... Jones scoops it up and fires to first to retire Hank Barrett for out number two.

So a runner on second and two down for Wes Griffin.
And the pitch... Fastball, in there for a called strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Roller to second. Diaz scoops it up and fires to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 6-3, Bay Area Bombers 3. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Owen Chen steps in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Foul, back to the screen, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... fights it off, oh and two.
And Logan delivers... Fastball in the dirt. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Heater way outside, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Four-seam fastball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Owen Chen is out.

And Miles Corbin steps in against Ben Logan. one away, nobody on.
And the pitch... Line drive, left. Miles Corbin reaches with a one-out single.

And Grant Fisher will step in with runner on first and one away.
And Logan from the stretch... Four-seam fastball misses upstairs, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Curveball misses down and in, two and oh.
And Logan delivers... Fastball sails over the letters, three and oh.
And the three-oh pitch... Foul, flied out of play, three and one.
The three-one... Loops one up the middle on a fastball. Grant Fisher is on with a one-out single.

And Leo Vance steps in with runners on first and second, one away.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... He sacrifices to second on a 94.6 mph four-seam fastball.

Runner on second and third, two down, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... Curveball misses low and outside, one and oh.
The one-oh... Four-seam fastball in the dirt. Two and oh.
The two-oh... Curveball misses low and inside, three and oh.
And the three-oh... Fastball in the dirt, and Marcus Thorne draws a walk.

Sam Decker comes to the plate. the bases loaded and two down.
And the pitch... Lined sharply up the middle. That one will drop in for a base hit. A two-out base hit for Sam Decker, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 6-to-4.

And that will bring up Jackson Riley with the bases loaded.
And the pitch... Hit in the air to deep center field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there, as that one sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers take a 8-to-6 lead.

Caleb Jones steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Fastball high and tight, two and oh.
And Logan's pitch... Four-seam fastball, catches the black, two and one.
Here is the two-one... Fastball misses high and wide, three and one.
And the pitch... Foul, gets a piece of it. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... Griffin is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 6, Bay Area Bombers 8. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And TJ Hawkins will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Foul, chopped on the first base line, one and one.
And Adams delivers... Foul, back to the screen, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers now lead 8-to-7.

Leading off, Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Routine play for Corbin, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Kevin Webb is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, gets a piece of it, oh and one.
The oh-one... Four-seam fastball, swung on and missed. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Four-seam fastball, rings him up, and Kevin Webb is rung up.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... fights it off, oh and one.
And Adams's pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Foul, jams him inside. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve misses upstairs, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Hit in the air to right. Thorne is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Bay Area Bombers 8-7, Pacific City Pilots 7. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Nate Diaz leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, one and one.
The one-one... hammered foul and into the stands, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Four-seam fastball low and away, two and two.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball runs high, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... chopped foul on the first base line. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Fastball, in there for strike three, and Nate Diaz is out.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 8 - Pacific City Pilots 7
Bay Area Bombers win!