You're listening to the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 75°F, Clear.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And the pitch... fights it off, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Fastball misses low and inside, one and one.
And the one-one... Foul, jams him inside. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Dribbler to second. Backhanded pick by Diaz and he fires to first for out number one.

And Kevin Webb will step in with one away and the bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line, oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball misses low and outside. One and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball, taken for a called strike. One and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Fastball, swung on and missed for strike three,, and Kevin Webb is out.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fastball runs inside, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball low and away, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, two and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Foul, tapped down the first base line, two and two.
And Gibson delivers... Curveball, caught looking at strike three, and Omar Ramirez is out.

Gibson retires the side in order. And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, center field, Leo Vance.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Sinker, in there for strike three, and Leo Vance is out.

And Marcus Thorne steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep to right. Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And that will bring Sam Decker to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball, called strike one.
And Garcia's pitch... Curveball misses down and in, one and one.
And the pitch... Slider sails over the letters, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Sinker down and in, three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Hard grounder to first. Washington is up with it and he fires to first to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Garcia. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with the second inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Rex Power.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, cut on and missed, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Fastball, comes up empty, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup, in there for strike three, and Rex Power is out.

And Evan Reed steps in with one away and the bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Slider, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... A screaming liner to Chen, caught for out number two.

And that will bring Felix Washington to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fastball low and away. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... spoils a good pitch. One and one.
And the one-one... Curveball spikes before the plate, two and one.
And the two-one... Curveball, comes up empty. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Fastball, gets him swinging,, and Felix Washington goes down swinging.

Gibson retires the side in order. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Jackson Riley.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep right. Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number one.

And Caleb Jones steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider misses high, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker spikes before the plate. Two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... Lined sharply to Washington for out number two.

And Nate Diaz is due up. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Sinker in the dirt. One and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Line drive, right. Nate Diaz is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the second.

Owen Chen comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
And the pitch and there he goes! Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
The throw down... not in time! Nate Diaz steals second.
The oh-one pitch... Curveball, called a strike, oh and two.
And the pitch... Sinker just misses outside, one and two.
Here comes the one-two... Sinker, gets him swinging, and Owen Chen goes down swinging.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with the third inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Hank Barrett leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Fly ball, left. Fisher is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Wes Griffin is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Line drive, center. Wes Griffin singles with one away.

And that will bring up TJ Hawkins with runner on first.
And the pitch... Lined to left. That one drops in. A one-out base hit for TJ Hawkins.

And Alex Chase will step in with runners on first and second and one away.
And the oh-oh pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Changeup, a strike, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Foul, back and into the stands, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and two.
And Gibson's pitch and the runner takes off! Four-seam fastball, swings through it for strike three.
And they got him at third! Wes Griffin is caught stealing third.
Alex Chase strikes out on a pitch in the dirt, but the runner is gunned down! A strikeout double play.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Miles Corbin will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... Curveball just misses outside, one and oh.
And Garcia's pitch... Popped up, to right. Hawkins is calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Grant Fisher steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Curveball misses upstairs. Two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Curveball high and tight, three and one.
And Garcia delivers... Curveball high and tight,, and Grant Fisher draws a walk.

And Leo Vance will step in with runner on first and one away.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one... A sacrifice bunt to first off a slider.

And Marcus Thorne steps in. runner on second, two down.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Lined sharply to Washington to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Kevin Webb.
And the pitch... Foul, tapped down the first base line. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Slider just misses outside, one and two.
And the one-two... Slider, swings through it for strike three,, and Kevin Webb is out.

And that will bring Omar Ramirez to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Changeup misses low and inside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Foul, jams him inside, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Low roller to first. Chen fields it and throws to first for out number two.

And Rex Power will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Fastball, taken for a called strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... fouled back and out of play, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... flied foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Foul, tapped down the first base line. Oh and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball in the dirt. One and two.
And Gibson delivers... Slider misses low, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Four-seam fastball way outside, and the count runs full. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Slider runs high,, and Rex Power draws a walk.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
And Gibson from the stretch... Four-seam fastball misses outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Changeup misses just a bit outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Heater, paints the corner for a called strike, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Slider, a big swing and a miss. Two and two.
And the two-two... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, two and two.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Hit in the air to third. Corbin is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, catcher, Sam Decker.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Hit in the air to center. Webb is after it and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Jackson Riley will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Sinker misses down and in. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker, a strike. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Slider misses high, two and one.
And the two-one... Sinker, swung on and missed. Two and two.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Jackson Riley is aboard with a one-out double here in the bottom of the fourth.

Runner on second, one away, for Caleb Jones.
And the pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... He sacrifices to first on a sinker.

Runner on third, two down, for Nate Diaz.
And the oh-oh pitch... Slider misses low and inside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider, a strike. One and two.
And the one-two... Curveball runs inside, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Slider runs inside, and the count runs full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... fights it off, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... spoils a good pitch, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Sinker just misses outside,, and Nate Diaz draws a walk.

And that will bring up Owen Chen with runners on first and third.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch and the runner goes! Sinker misses low. Two and oh.
And they got him at second! Nate Diaz is caught stealing second.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, first base, Felix Washington.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Curveball low and away, one and one.
And Gibson delivers... chopped foul on the first base line, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, one and two.
And the one-two... Roller to short. Jones scoops it up and fires to first for out number one.

And that will bring Hank Barrett to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Chopped to short. Jones charges and throws to first for out number two.

And Wes Griffin will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Sent on the ground back to the mound. Gibson up with it, over to first to end the inning.

Gibson retires the side in order. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Miles Corbin leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Curveball runs high. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Foul, back to the screen. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider, called strike three, and Miles Corbin is out.

And Grant Fisher will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low, one and oh.
And the pitch... Curveball misses upstairs, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... Curveball misses just a bit outside. Three and oh.
Here comes the three-oh... A high fly ball to center, but Webb has a bead on it. He makes the catch for out number two.

And Leo Vance will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Chase to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Garcia. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, TJ Hawkins.
And the pitch... Line drive, center. TJ Hawkins is aboard with a leadoff single here in the top of the sixth.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Alex Chase.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider, called strike one, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Fastball misses low, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... fouled back and out of play, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Slider sails over the letters, and the count runs full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider, called strike three, and Alex Chase is out.

And Kevin Webb will step in with runner on first and one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Fastball misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, one and two.
And Gibson delivers... He gets a double play ball to third.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Marcus Thorne will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And the pitch... Curveball misses low and inside. One and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker down and in. Two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Sinker in the dirt, three and oh.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider misses just a bit outside, and Marcus Thorne draws a walk.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Sam Decker.
And the pitch... Sinker, a strike. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Sinker, paints the corner for a strike, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... A high fly ball to right, but Hawkins has a bead on it. He makes the catch for out number one.

Runner on first, one away, for Jackson Riley.
And the pitch... Slider misses upstairs, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Sinker misses low and outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Sinker, in there for a called strike. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... He reaches on a forceout to third on a slider.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

Caleb Jones comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses high. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Four-seam fastball, catches the black, one and one.
And Logan's pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. One and two.
And Logan delivers... Curveball down and in, two and two.
And the two-two... Dribbler to third. Backhanded pick by Ramirez and he fires to first to end the inning.

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and inside, one and oh.
And the pitch... Foul, jams him inside. One and one.
And the one-one... Fastball way outside, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Slider misses high and wide. Three and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... Jones is there and he fires to first for out number one.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

And Rex Power will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Fly ball, to third. Corbin drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Evan Reed will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Vance is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track to end the inning.

Adams retires the side in order. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Nate Diaz.
And the pitch... chopped foul on the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Heater misses outside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Popped up on the infield. Griffin is camped under it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Fastball misses high, one and oh.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball, cut on and missed. One and one.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep right. Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And Miles Corbin steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball high and tight, one and oh.
And Logan delivers... Curveball just misses outside. Two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Reed drifting in... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Logan sets them down in order. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Felix Washington.
And the pitch... Fastball way outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball, cut on and missed, one and one.
And the one-one... Knuckle curve just misses outside, two and one.
And the two-one... dribbled foul on the first base line. Two and two.
And the pitch... Lined into shallow center field. That one drops in. Felix Washington is aboard with a leadoff single here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Hank Barrett.
And Adams from the stretch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... A sacrifice bunt to second.

And Wes Griffin steps in with runner on second, one away.
And the pitch... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to short on a knuckle curve.

And TJ Hawkins will step in with runner on third and two down.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Lined into shallow right field. That one drops in. TJ Hawkins keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the top of the eighth, and the Pacific City Pilots take a one-nothing lead here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on first, two down, for Alex Chase.
And the oh-oh pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Knuckle curve, a strike. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Knuckle curve a bit inside, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Knuckle curve, struck him out swinging,, and Alex Chase is out.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 1-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And Grant Fisher will lead off the inning.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Foul, back and out of play. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Curveball, caught looking at strike three, and Grant Fisher is out.

And Leo Vance is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... fights it off. Oh and one.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... spoils a good pitch. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Fly ball, deep to third. Ramirez is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Curveball runs high. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Four-seam fastball just misses outside. Two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Four-seam fastball spikes before the plate. Three and oh.
Three-oh, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball misses low,, and Marcus Thorne draws a walk.

And that will bring up Sam Decker with runner on first.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball misses low, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Foul, hammered into the stands, one and two.
And Logan delivers... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. Sam Decker is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the eighth.

And Jackson Riley steps in with runners on first and second, two down.
And the oh-oh pitch... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Jackson Riley rips one into the gap for a two-out double, and this game is now tied at one.

And Caleb Jones steps in with runners on second and third, two down.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track to end the inning.

And we are tied at 1 apiece. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Kevin Webb will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep to center. Vance is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number one.

And Omar Ramirez steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, catches the black, oh and one.
And Adams delivers... fights it off, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Foul, gets a piece of it. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve low and away, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Foul, hammered into the stands, one and two.
And Adams's pitch... Popped up, to left. Fisher is calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

And that will bring Rex Power to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider down and in, one and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Lined into shallow left. That one drops in. Rex Power is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the ninth.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Slider misses low. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker just misses outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh... chopped foul on the first base line, two and one.
And Miller's pitch... Slider, a strike, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... hammered foul and into the stands, two and two.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker sails over the letters, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Slider runs inside, and Evan Reed draws a walk.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Felix Washington.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... Slider, called strike one, oh and two.
And the pitch... He grounds into a double play  on a 92.4 mph sinker.

Hank Barrett comes to the plate. runners on first and second and two down.
And the oh-oh pitch... Hard grounder up the middle... Corbin is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

Score is tied at 1. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Nate Diaz leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
And the pitch... Roller to short. Griffin scoops it up and fires to first for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Owen Chen.

Runner on second, one away, for Miles Corbin.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... flied foul and out of play. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Foul, back and out of play. One and two.
And the one-two... hammered foul and into the stands, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Fastball, gets him swinging,, and Miles Corbin is set down swinging.

And Grant Fisher steps in. runner on second, two down.
And Logan from the stretch... Four-seam fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Fastball, cut on and missed, oh and two.
And Logan delivers... Chopper to short. Griffin is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

And we are tied at 1 apiece. We'll be back with the 10th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 10th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Hank Barrett jogs out to take his lead.
And Wes Griffin will step in with runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
And the pitch... Lays down a sacrifice bunt to second on a sinker.

Runner on third, one away, for TJ Hawkins.
Righty against righty.
And Miller from the stretch... Hits a sacrifice fly to right on a slider, and the Pacific City Pilots move out in front, two-to-one.

Alex Chase steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Slider a bit inside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Popped up, second. Diaz is calling for it... he makes the catch to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with the 10th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Automatic runner on second: Grant Fisher jogs out to take his lead.
And Leo Vance steps in with runner on second, nobody out.
And the pitch... Lays down a sacrifice bunt to third.

And Marcus Thorne steps in. runner on third, one away.
And the pitch... Sent on the ground to short. Griffin up with it, over to first for out number two, and this game is now tied at two.

And Sam Decker steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside, one and one.
And the one-one... Curveball misses down and in, two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Heater, called strike. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Popped up on the infield. Chase is camped under it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And we are tied at 2 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 11th inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Kevin Webb leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Kevin Webb is hit by the pitch.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Foul, flied out of play, oh and one.
And Miller delivers... Foul, tapped down the first base line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. Omar Ramirez reaches with a base hit.

And Rex Power steps in with runners on first and third, nobody out.
And the pitch... Slider, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and outside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider misses low. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Slider misses low and inside, and the count runs full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider misses low and inside, and Rex Power draws a walk.

And Evan Reed steps in with the bases loaded, nobody out.
And the pitch... Foul, jams him inside. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Sinker in the dirt. One and one.
And the one-one... Slider misses upstairs. Two and one.
And the two-one... He grounds into a double play to first on a slider.

Runner on third, two down, for Felix Washington.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Slider, called strike one.
And the oh-one... Sinker misses outside, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... dribbled foul on the first base line, one and two.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low. Two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker misses high, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Slider, got him looking,, and Felix Washington is rung up.

And we are tied at 2 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

And we're back.

Automatic runner on second: Sam Decker jogs out to take his lead.
And Jackson Riley steps in with runner on second, nobody out.
Righty against righty.
And Logan from the stretch... Fastball sails over the letters, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sent on the ground to first. Washington up with it, over to first for out number one.

And Caleb Jones steps in. runner on third, one away.
And the pitch... Fly ball, center. Webb will have room... and he makes the catch for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

Nate Diaz comes to the plate. runner on third and two down.
And Malone from the stretch... Chopped to short. Griffin charges and throws to first to end the inning.

Score is tied at 2. We'll be back with the 12th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 12th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Felix Washington jogs out to take his lead.
And that will bring up Hank Barrett with runner on second.
And the oh-oh pitch... Sinker runs inside, one and oh.
And Miller's pitch... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A leadoff double for Hank Barrett, and the offense is in business, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 3-to-2 lead here in the top of the 12th.

Wes Griffin comes to the plate. runner on second and nobody out.
And Miller from the stretch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Oh and two.
And Miller's pitch... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to third on a sinker.

And TJ Hawkins steps in. runner on third, one away.
And the pitch... Sinker, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider misses high and wide, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, a strike. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands. One and two.
And Miller's pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands, one and two.
And the pitch... Slider just misses outside, two and two.
And Miller delivers... Slider in the dirt, and the count runs full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Foul, back to the screen. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker high and tight,, and TJ Hawkins draws a walk.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Colin Miller.

Runner on first and third, one away, for Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Chen for out number two.

And that will bring up Kevin Webb with runners on first and third.
And the oh-oh pitch... Slider misses low. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Cutter low and away, two and oh.
And Stone delivers... Cutter high and tight, three and oh.
Here comes the three-oh... Cutter misses low and outside, and Kevin Webb draws a walk.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. the bases loaded and two down.
And Stone from the stretch... Cutter misses low and inside, one and oh.
And Stone delivers... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, one and two.
And Stone delivers... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag. One and two.
And the one-two... Grounder to short. Jones backhands it and fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Owen Chen will lead off the inning.
And the pitch... Sinker runs high. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Foul, flied out of play. One and one.
And Malone delivers and there he goes! Sinker, cut on and missed, one and two.
The throw down... not in time! The runner steals third.
One-two, pitch on the way... Webb tracks it down to center for out number one.

Miles Corbin comes to the plate. runner on third and one away.
And the pitch... Sinker, called a strike on the inside corner, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider just misses outside. One and one.
And the pitch... Fly ball, to second. Chase drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Grant Fisher will step in with runner on third and two down.
And Malone from the stretch... Foul, jams him inside, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Sinker, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and two.
And Malone's pitch... Slider misses outside, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Foul, back to the screen. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker, called strike three,, and Grant Fisher is out.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 2 - Pacific City Pilots 3
Pacific City Pilots win!