The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 68°F, Overcast.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Slider low and away. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... flied foul and out of play, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Four-seam fastball misses high, two and two.
And the two-two... Changeup misses upstairs, and the count runs full. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Curveball misses just a bit outside,, and Alex Chase draws a walk.

And Kevin Webb steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Slider, called a strike on the inside corner, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Fastball misses low and outside, one and one.
And the one-one... Foul, chopped on the first base line, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Slider misses outside. Two and two.
And the two-two... Curveball, swung on and missed for strike three, and Kevin Webb is out.

And Omar Ramirez steps in with runner on first, one away.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low and outside, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Foul, flied out of play, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Grounds into a double play .

And we are tied at 0 apiece. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Leo Vance.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Sinker misses low, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Slider runs inside, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Chopper to third. Ramirez's got it and he fires to first for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. One and one.
Here comes the one-one... Curveball, called a strike, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Curveball runs high. Two and two.
And the two-two... Curveball, gets him swinging,, and Marcus Thorne strikes out.

And Sam Decker will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses down and in, one and oh.
And the one-oh... chopped foul down the first base line, one and one.
And the one-one... hammered foul and into the stands. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker sails over the letters, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Lined into shallow right, and that one will drop in for a base hit. Sam Decker is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the first.

Runner on first, two down, for Jackson Riley.
And the pitch... Slider runs high, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Sinker, cut on and missed, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Curveball misses down and in. Two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Sinker misses just a bit outside, and the count runs full. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker, rings him up,, and Jackson Riley is caught looking.

Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Rex Power leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Slider in the dirt. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Fastball high and tight, two and oh.
Here comes the two-oh... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Two and one.
And the two-one... Four-seam fastball, he hacks at it and misses. Two and two.
And the two-two... Slider misses low and inside, and the count runs full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Curveball low and away,, and Rex Power draws a walk.

And Evan Reed will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
And the pitch... Base hit into shallow center. Evan Reed is aboard with a single here in the top of the second.

Felix Washington comes to the plate. runners on first and second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Fastball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Curveball, comes up empty, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Fastball misses low and inside, one and two.
And the one-two... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Felix Washington is aboard with a double here in the top of the second, and the Pacific City Pilots move out in front, one-nothing.

And Hank Barrett steps in with runners on second and third, nobody out.
And the pitch... Fastball spikes before the plate. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Lined through the left side, and that one will drop in for a base hit. Hank Barrett is aboard with a single here in the top of the second, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to two-nothing.

Runner on first and third, nobody out, for Wes Griffin.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Hits a sacrifice fly to center on a fastball, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-0.

TJ Hawkins comes to the plate. runner on first and one away.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fisher is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Alex Chase will step in with runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Slider way outside. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Foul, jams him inside. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Slider, strike three called, and Alex Chase is out.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Caleb Jones.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Sinker, comes up empty, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. Two and two.
And the two-two... Chopped to first. Washington charges and throws to first for out number one.

Nate Diaz steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... A screaming liner to Chase, caught for out number two.

And that will bring Owen Chen to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Sinker runs high. One and one.
Here comes the one-one... chopped foul on the first base line, one and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Curveball low and away. Two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker sails over the letters, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball, swings through it for strike three,, and Owen Chen is out.

Another one-two-three inning for Garcia. Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Kevin Webb leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Routine play for Corbin and he flips to first for out number one.

And that will bring Omar Ramirez to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Changeup down and in. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Foul, flied out of play, one and one.
And the one-one pitch... Fastball misses high and wide. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Fastball misses high, three and one.
And the three-one... Fly ball, to right. Thorne is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And that will bring Rex Power to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Changeup misses upstairs. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Changeup just misses outside, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... chopped foul down the first base line. Two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Slider misses high. Three and one.
Here comes the three-one... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Foul, back and out of play, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Fastball, fans him,, and Rex Power is out.

Three up, three down for Gibson. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the third inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, Miles Corbin.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... fights it off. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker misses high and wide, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And the one-two... Slider spikes before the plate, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Lined into the gap for a base hit. Miles Corbin starts the inning with a base hit.

And Grant Fisher steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
And the pitch... Grant Fisher hits a base hit into shallow right. Grant Fisher is aboard with a single.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. runners on first and second and nobody out.
And the pitch... Slider a bit inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... fouled back and out of play. One and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Leo Vance is out.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Sinker, comes up empty, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Curveball misses high and wide. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. Three and one.
The three-one pitch... Sinker, called a strike, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Slider just misses outside,, and Marcus Thorne draws a walk.

And Sam Decker steps in with the bases loaded, one away.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sent deep to center, but Webb has plenty of room. He makes the catch for out number two.

Jackson Riley comes to the plate. the bases loaded and two down.
And the pitch... Sinker sails over the letters, one and oh.
And the one-oh... flied foul and out of play, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, comes up empty, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, one and two.
And the one-two... Sinker misses upstairs. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Curveball misses just a bit outside, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sinker misses low and inside,, and Jackson Riley draws a walk, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 3-to-1.

Caleb Jones comes to the plate. the bases loaded and two down.
And the pitch... chopped foul on the first base line. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Sinker runs high. One and one.
And the one-one... Slider, called strike, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Curveball misses low and inside. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... Sinker misses outside, count is full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Sinker just misses outside,, and Caleb Jones draws a walk, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-2.

Runner on the bases loaded, two down, for Nate Diaz.
And the pitch... Foul, dribbled along the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Slider, catches the black, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Line drive to left. That one is into the glove of Reed to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Evan Reed will step in to lead things off.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball down and in. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Changeup, paints the corner for a strike, one and one.
And the one-one... Changeup misses high and wide, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Slider low and away, three and one.
And the three-one pitch... Fastball, called a strike, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Foul, back and out of play, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Foul, chopped on the first base line. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Changeup, fans him, and Evan Reed is out.

And Felix Washington is due up. one away, bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Changeup in the dirt, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Fastball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, one and one.
And the one-one... Four-seam fastball way outside, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Curveball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Two and two.
And the two-two... flied foul and out of play. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball spikes before the plate, count is full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Fastball, fans him, and Felix Washington is out.

And Hank Barrett will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Fastball high and tight, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Changeup misses low and inside. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Slider, cut on and missed. Two and one.
And the two-one... Slider misses low and inside, three and one.
And the three-one... Base hit to right field. Hank Barrett keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the top of the fourth.

And that will bring up Wes Griffin with runner on first.
And the pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Foul, jams him inside. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Curveball, caught looking at strike three,, and Wes Griffin is out.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Owen Chen.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses high. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker runs inside. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Sinker, a strike. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, two and two.
And the two-two... chopped foul on the first base line, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Foul, flied out of play. Two and two.
The two-two pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Sinker, fans him, and Owen Chen is out.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Miguel Garcia.

And Miles Corbin will step in with one away and nobody on.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker, catches the black. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Reed calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Grant Fisher will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Foul, back and out of play. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Ramirez tracks it down to third to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Malone. And with fourth in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And TJ Hawkins will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And the pitch... Foul, jams him inside. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Diaz is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

And that will bring Alex Chase to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Heater, swung on and missed. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... spoils a good pitch, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Knuckle curve runs high, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Knuckle curve misses high and wide, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Fastball down and in, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Foul, back to the screen. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Roller to second. Diaz scoops it up and fires to first for out number two.

And Kevin Webb is due up. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, cut on and missed, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Popped up, to first. Chen is calling for it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Adams retires the side in order. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 3-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Leo Vance.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker misses upstairs. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Reed calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker runs high. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider way outside. Two and one.
And the two-one... Slider misses high and wide, three and one.
And the three-one pitch... Hard grounder to third. Ramirez is up with it and tosses to first for out number two.

And Sam Decker will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider misses low and inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Grounded to Washington, who fields it cleanly and throws to first to end the inning.

Malone retires the side in order. Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with the sixth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Omar Ramirez will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
And the pitch... Hammered into shallow center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a leadoff double.

Runner on second, nobody out, for Rex Power.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve sails over the letters, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball, comes up empty, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Lined into shallow left field, and that one will drop in for a base hit. Rex Power reaches with a base hit.

And Evan Reed will step in with runners on first and third and nobody out.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Foul, down the line, but wide of the bag, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Hard grounder to second. Diaz is up with it and tosses to first for out number one, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 4-to-2.

And Felix Washington will step in with runner on second and one away.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Lined to left field. That one drops in. Felix Washington is aboard with a one-out single here in the top of the sixth.

And that will bring up Hank Barrett with runners on first and third.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, catches the black, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Jones is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Wes Griffin will step in with runners on first and third and two down.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, a strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Knuckle curve, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Knuckle curve runs high. One and two.
And the one-two... Foul, chopped on the first base line. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Foul, hammered into the stands, one and two.
And the one-two... Foul, gets a piece of it, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, two and two.
And the two-two... Foul, flied out of play, two and two.
And the two-two... hammered foul and into the stands. Two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Knuckle curve misses low and inside, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Fly ball, deep to right. Thorne is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 4-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

And Jackson Riley will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
And the pitch... Lined sharply to Washington for out number one.

And Caleb Jones steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, back and out of play. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Sinker in the dirt, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, comes up empty. One and two.
One-two, pitch on the way... Fly ball, deep to center. Webb is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And Nate Diaz will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch... Tapped down the line. Ramirez steps on the bag to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Malone. Pacific City Pilots 4, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

And TJ Hawkins leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And the pitch... Foul, back and into the stands. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Hammered into shallow right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. TJ Hawkins is aboard with a leadoff double.

Alex Chase comes to the plate. runner on second and nobody out.
And the pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Lays down a sacrifice bunt to short on a Sinker.

Runner on third, one away, for Kevin Webb.
And the pitch... Foul, tapped down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker spikes before the plate, one and one.
And the one-one... Slider down and in, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Sinker misses outside. Three and one.
And the three-one... Sinker misses low and inside,, and Kevin Webb draws a walk.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runners on first and third and one away.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Grounds into a double play .

Runner on first and third, one away, for Rex Power.
And the pitch... Slider sails over the letters. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Base hit to center field. Rex Power singles with one away, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 5-to-2.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Evan Reed.
And the pitch... Slider runs inside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Sinker runs high, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Slider in the dirt, three and oh.
The three-oh pitch... Foul, tapped down the first base line. Three and one.
The three-one pitch... Sinker misses outside,, and Evan Reed draws a walk.

And Felix Washington will step in with the bases loaded and one away.
And the pitch... Hit in the air to deep left field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 9-to-2.

And that will bring Hank Barrett to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Slider misses outside, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Slider, catches the black, two and one.
And the two-one... Sinker, a big swing and a miss, two and two.
And the two-two... Sinker misses high, and the count runs full, three and two.
An error by 2B Nate Diaz allows the batter to reach base.

Wes Griffin comes to the plate. runner on first and one away.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Wes Griffin hits a sacrifice bunt to first.

And that will bring up TJ Hawkins with runner on second.
And the pitch... Sinker in the dirt. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker misses outside, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Hit in the air to deep right field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 11-to-2.

Alex Chase steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider, a strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Fly ball, to third. Corbin drifting in... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 11-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Owen Chen will step in to lead things off.
And the pitch... Sinker, taken for a called strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker a bit inside. One and one.
Here comes the one-one... Slider, he hacks at it and misses, one and two.
And the one-two... Grounded to Griffin, who fields it cleanly and throws to first for out number one.

Miles Corbin steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep to center. Webb is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And Grant Fisher will step in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Routine play for Griffin, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Malone sets them down in order. Pacific City Pilots 11, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Kevin Webb.
And the pitch... Sinker misses high, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker, called a strike on the inside corner. One and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider misses high. Two and one.
And the two-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Sinker, swings through it for strike three,, and Kevin Webb is out.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Sinker in the dirt, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Sinker, swung on and missed, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Slider misses upstairs. Two and one.
And the two-one pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, two and two.
And the two-two... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, two and two.
The two-two pitch... High fly ball, to center... and that one is caught by Vance for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Colin Miller.

And Rex Power steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Hit in the air to deep center field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead 12-to-2.

Evan Reed steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Base hit to left field. Evan Reed keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the top of the eighth.

And Felix Washington will step in with runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Foul, tapped down the first base line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Cutter, swings through it for strike three,, and Felix Washington is out.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 12-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Leo Vance.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker down and in, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... hammered foul and into the stands, two and one.
The two-one pitch... Tapped down the line. Washington steps on the bag for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Rollie Malone.

And Marcus Thorne is due up. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, flied out of play. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Fastball misses low and outside, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Fastball just misses outside. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... fights it off, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Curveball, gets him swinging,, and Marcus Thorne goes down swinging.

And Sam Decker is due up. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Washington to end the inning.

Logan retires the side in order. It's Pacific City Pilots 12, Bay Area Bombers 2 after eighth. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Hank Barrett.
And the pitch... Chopper to first. Chen's got it and he fires to first for out number one.

Wes Griffin steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Foul, back and into the stands. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and two.
And the oh-two... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... dribbled foul on the first base line. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Foul, back to the screen, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, one and two.
And the one-two... Jones is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And TJ Hawkins steps in with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... Heater misses low and inside. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... fouled back and out of play, one and one.
And the one-one... Lined down the left field line! That one is fair... TJ Hawkins is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the ninth.

And Alex Chase will step in with runner on first and two down.
And the pitch... Dribbler to short. Backhanded pick by Jones and he fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 12-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Jackson Riley.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Fly ball, to left. Reed drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Caleb Jones will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Foul, back to the screen, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Reed calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Nate Diaz is due up. two down, bases empty.
And the pitch... Fastball, called a strike on the inside corner. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Hard grounder to first. Washington is up with it and tosses to first to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 2 - Pacific City Pilots 12
Pacific City Pilots win!