You're listening to the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Good evening, friends. We're glad to have you back with us.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 55°F, Drizzle.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase will lead off the inning.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... he spoils a good pitch. Oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Slider misses outside, one and two.
And the pitch... Fly ball, deep center. Vance is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number one.

And Kevin Webb steps in against Joe Gibson. one away, nobody on.
And Gibson deals... Fastball down and in, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Fastball, taken for a called strike. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... fights it off. One and two.
Here is the one-two... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Kevin Webb is down on strikes for out number two.

And that will bring Omar Ramirez to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And Gibson deals... fouled away. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball in the dirt, one and one.
The one-one... he gets a piece of it. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... fouled away, count holds at one and two.
Here is the one-two... flied foul and out of play. And we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball low and away. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Fastball, fans him! Omar Ramirez goes down to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Gibson. Score is tied at 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And Leo Vance leads off for the Bay Area Bombers.
Garcia winds and fires... Sinker sails over the letters, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low, two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... he fouls that one off. Two and one.
Here is the two-one... Popped up, short. Griffin is calling for it... he makes the catch for out number one.

And Marcus Thorne steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker just misses outside. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Slider high and tight, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... Sinker misses outside, three and oh.
Here is the three-oh... Curveball misses low and inside, and Marcus Thorne draws a walk.

runner on first, one away. Sam Decker at the plate.
And Garcia comes to the plate... Sinker, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Lined into shallow center field, and that one will drop in. A one-out base hit for Sam Decker.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Jackson Riley.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker misses low and outside, one and oh.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider down and in, two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... Curveball, cut on and missed, two and one.
And Garcia delivers... hammered foul, two and two.
The two-two pitch... chopped foul, count holds at two and two.
And the two-two... Webb is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Caleb Jones.
Here's the pitch... Slider, swung on and missed, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Slider a bit inside. One and two.
And the one-two... Chase drifting back... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

Score is tied at 0. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Rex Power will step in at the top of the Pacific City Pilots order.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson's pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Ripped up the middle for a single. A leadoff single for Rex Power to get things going here in the top of the second.

Evan Reed comes to the plate. runner on first and nobody out.
From the belt, the pitch... Curveball down and in. One and oh.
The one-oh... fights it off, one and one.
The one-one pitch... he fouls it off. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider misses low, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Heater misses just a bit outside, and the count is now full, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Hit well to right, but Thorne is there to make the catch for out number one.

And Felix Washington steps in against Joe Gibson. runner on first, one away.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Grounds into a double play .

Runner on first, one away, for Hank Barrett.
And the pitch... Hit well to left, but Fisher is there to make the catch for out number two.

runner on first, two down. Wes Griffin at the plate.
And Gibson from the stretch... He grounds into a double play  on a 96.2 mph fastball.

TJ Hawkins comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
And Gibson deals... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
And Gibson delivers... Slider misses low and inside. One and one.
Here is the one-one... fouled away, one and two.
And Gibson delivers... Hit in the air to deep left field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots take a two-nothing lead here in the top of the second.

And that will bring Alex Chase to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And the pitch... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Slider, fans him! Alex Chase goes down to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with the second inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Nate Diaz.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker down and in. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker a bit inside, two and oh.
And Garcia delivers... chopped foul, two and one.
An error by 3B Omar Ramirez allows the batter to reach base.

And Owen Chen will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
And Garcia deals... Curveball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... fouled down the line, oh and two.
And Garcia's pitch... Curveball misses low and inside. One and two.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker, swings through it for strike three, and Owen Chen strikes out for out number one.

Runner on first, one away, for Miles Corbin.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Sinker runs inside, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Curveball misses upstairs. Three and oh.
And the three-oh... chopped foul. Three and one.
Here is the three-one... Slider low and away, and Miles Corbin draws a walk.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Grant Fisher.
And Garcia deals... Grounded to Griffin, who fields it cleanly and throws to first for out number two.

Runner on second and third, two down, for Leo Vance.
And the pitch... Sinker misses just a bit outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Slider misses down and in. Two and oh.
And the two-oh pitch... fouled back and out of play. Two and one.
Here is the two-one... Sinker a bit inside. Three and one.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sinker, rings him up! Leo Vance goes down to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 0 after two. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Kevin Webb.
And the pitch to Webb... sent foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Fastball a bit inside. One and two.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. And we'll do it again.
And the one-two pitch... Four-seam fastball in the dirt, two and two.
And the pitch... Slider misses high, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... fouled back to the screen. Still three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Fastball, called strike three, and Kevin Webb goes down looking for out number one.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Four-seam fastball, called strike. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Slider runs high, two and two.
The two-two pitch... Changeup, swung on and missed for strike three, and Omar Ramirez is set down swinging for out number two.

And Rex Power steps in against Joe Gibson. two down, nobody on.
And Gibson's pitch... Fastball misses high and wide, one and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... Four-seam fastball, catches the black, one and one.
The one-one pitch... Slider misses low and inside. Two and one.
And Gibson's pitch... he fouls it off, two and two.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, caught looking at strike three! Rex Power goes down to end the inning.

Gibson sets them down in order. And it remains Pacific City Pilots 2-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch to Thorne... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A leadoff double for Marcus Thorne, and the offense is in business.

And Sam Decker steps in against Miguel Garcia. runner on second, nobody out.
And the pitch to Decker... Sinker in the dirt. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... fouled back and into the stands, one and one.
An error by SS Wes Griffin allows the batter to reach base.

runners on first and third, nobody out. Jackson Riley at the plate.
And Garcia deals... Lined into shallow center, and that one will drop in. Jackson Riley reaches with a base hit, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead two-to-one here in the bottom of the third.

And that will bring up Caleb Jones with runners on first and second.
And the pitch... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses, oh and one.
And Garcia's pitch... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and two.
And Garcia delivers... Lays down a sacrifice bunt to short on a sinker.

And Nate Diaz steps in. runners on second and third, one away.
Righty against the lefty.
From the belt, the pitch... Curveball just misses outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Low roller to first. Washington fields it and throws to first for out number two, and we are all knotted up at two.

And that will bring up Owen Chen with runner on third.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia from the stretch... Sinker misses low and inside. One and oh.
And Garcia delivers... Hammered into shallow right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Owen Chen rips one into the gap for a two-out double, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 3-to-2 lead.

And Miles Corbin steps in. runner on second, two down.
And Garcia comes to the plate... Curveball misses high and wide. One and oh.
The one-oh... chopped foul. One and one.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses high and wide. Two and one.
And the two-one... Slider spikes before the plate. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... he fouls it off, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... fouled back to the screen, count remains three and two.
The payoff pitch... Sent on the ground to second. Chase up with it, over to first to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 3 after three. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Evan Reed leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
And Gibson's pitch... just gets a piece of it, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... sent foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... Four-seam fastball, got him looking! Evan Reed goes down for out number one.

And Felix Washington will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And Gibson delivers... Heater sails over the letters, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Slider, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Changeup misses low and inside. Two and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Four-seam fastball, struck him out swinging! Felix Washington goes down for out number two.

And Hank Barrett steps in with two down and the bases empty.
Gibson winds and fires... Fastball, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Heater misses high and wide. One and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Dribbler back to the mound. Backhanded pick by Gibson and he fires to first to end the inning.

Three up, three down for Gibson. And it remains Bay Area Bombers 3-2, Pacific City Pilots 2. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Grant Fisher digs in. He'll lead off.
And Garcia's pitch... chopped foul. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers now lead 4-to-2.

And Leo Vance will lead off the inning.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider, swung on and missed, oh and one.
The oh-one... Sinker way outside. One and one.
The one-one... Slider misses low and outside, two and one.
And the two-one... Sinker runs high, three and one.
And Garcia's pitch... fights it off. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Fly ball, to right. Hawkins is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And that will bring Marcus Thorne to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And Garcia's pitch... he fouls that one off, oh and one.
And the oh-one... sent foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And the pitch... Sinker misses just a bit outside, one and two.
And the one-two... Chopped to first. Washington charges and throws to first for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Miguel Garcia.

Bases empty, two down, for Sam Decker.
Here's the pitch... Heater spikes before the plate, one and oh.
And Logan's pitch... he fouls it off. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Curveball misses low and inside, two and one.
And Logan delivers... hammered foul and into the stands, two and two.
And the two-two... Four-seam fastball low and away, and the count runs full. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... sent foul and out of play, and we'll do it again.
Full count, here's the pitch... Curveball misses upstairs, and Sam Decker is aboard with a walk.

Runner on first, two down, for Jackson Riley.
From the belt, the pitch... Fastball misses low and outside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Four-seam fastball misses outside, two and oh.
And the pitch... Curveball, swung on and missed, two and one.
Here is the two-one... Fastball just misses outside. Three and one.
Here is the three-one... Fastball a bit inside, and Jackson Riley draws a walk.

Caleb Jones comes to the plate. runners on first and second and two down.
Righty against righty.
From the belt, the pitch... Curveball runs inside, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Fastball misses high. Two and oh.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball, he hacks at it and misses. Two and one.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball misses low. Three and one.
And the pitch... hit foul down the line. Three and two.
The payoff pitch... Curveball, gets him swinging! Caleb Jones goes down to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 4 after four. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, Wes Griffin.
And the pitch to Griffin... Fastball misses low and inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Fastball, catches the black, one and one.
The one-one... he gets a piece of it. One and two.
And Gibson delivers... he spoils a good pitch, and we'll do it again.
And the one-two... Fastball, called strike three, and Wes Griffin strikes out looking for out number one.

And TJ Hawkins is due up. one away, bases empty.
Gibson winds and fires... Four-seam fastball high and tight. One and oh.
And Gibson's pitch... fights it off. One and one.
An error by 2B Nate Diaz allows the batter to reach base.

So a runner on first and one away for Alex Chase.
Righty against righty.
From the belt, the pitch... Slider sails over the letters. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Changeup sails over the letters. Two and oh.
And Gibson delivers... hammered foul and into the stands. Two and one.
And the pitch... Slider, cut on and missed, two and two.
The two-two... fouled away. Still two and two.
Here is the two-two... he fouls it off, still two and two.
And the pitch... Slider misses down and in, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Lined to center. That one drops in. Alex Chase is aboard with a one-out single here in the top of the fifth.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

And Kevin Webb will step in with runners on first and second and one away.
Lefty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Fly ball, to center. Vance is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runners on first and second and two down.
And the pitch to Ramirez... Four-seam fastball way outside, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... chopped foul. One and one.
And Adams delivers... Knuckle curve spikes before the plate. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... Four-seam fastball, a strike, two and two.
And the two-two... just gets a piece of it. Count remains two and two.
The two-two... flied foul and out of play. And the count stays at two and two.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve, called strike three, and Omar Ramirez strikes out looking to end the inning.

And it remains Bay Area Bombers 4-2, Pacific City Pilots 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Leading off, second base, Nate Diaz.
Here's the pitch... Fastball, a strike. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... fouled back to the screen. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Fastball, got him looking! Nate Diaz goes down for out number one.

And that will bring Owen Chen to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... hammered foul and into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Curveball misses upstairs, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Popped up, second. Chase is calling for it... he makes the catch for out number two.

And Miles Corbin will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Logan winds and fires... Washington gloves it and fires to first to retire Miles Corbin to end the inning.

Logan retires the side in order. It's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 4 after five. We'll be back with the sixth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, designated hitter, Rex Power.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve misses upstairs, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Knuckle curve sails over the letters. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... Knuckle curve sails over the letters, three and oh.
The three-oh... He hits a double play ball .

Leading off, Evan Reed.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Knuckle curve, cut on and missed, oh and two.
The oh-two... Four-seam fastball just misses outside. One and two.
Here comes the one-two... sent foul and out of play. So we'll do it again.
And Adams's pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, and we'll do it again.
Here comes the one-two... fouled down the line. And the count stays at one and two.
And the pitch... Fastball sails over the letters, two and two.
Here is the two-two... Knuckle curve, in there for strike three, and Evan Reed strikes out looking for out number one.

Felix Washington steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
Adams winds and fires... Fastball, paints the corner for a called strike. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Fastball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Lined to right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Felix Washington.

runner on second, one away. Hank Barrett at the plate.
From the belt, the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... he fouls it off, oh and two.
And Adams delivers... Hit well to center, but Vance is there to make the catch for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

And Wes Griffin steps in. runner on second, two down.
Miller winds and fires... Sinker in the dirt. One and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker just misses outside. Two and oh.
And Miller delivers... chopped foul down the first base line, two and one.
And Miller's pitch... lined foul, two and two.
And the two-two... Grounder to short. Jones backhands it and fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 4-2, Pacific City Pilots 2. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Grant Fisher steps in to lead things off.
Here's the pitch... Fastball in the dirt. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Lined into shallow right. That one drops in. The inning starts with a base hit from Grant Fisher.

And Leo Vance will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
An error by 1B Felix Washington allows the batter to reach base.

Runner on first and second, nobody out, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses down and in. One and oh.
The one-oh pitch... he fouls it off, one and one.
And Logan delivers... hammered foul, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball sails over the letters. Two and two.
And the two-two... he gets a piece of it, and we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Fastball, got him looking! Marcus Thorne goes down for out number one.

runners on first and second, one away. Sam Decker at the plate.
And Logan delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Fastball, taken for a called strike, oh and two.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play, so we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... Fastball in the dirt. One and two.
Here is the one-two... Curveball down and in, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... Hawkins calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Jackson Riley steps in against Ben Logan. runners on first and second, two down.
Righty against righty.
From the belt, the pitch... Fastball in the dirt. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Curveball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Curveball misses low and inside, two and one.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball misses low. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Griffin to end the inning.

And with six in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

And TJ Hawkins will lead off the inning.
Here's the pitch... Slider misses low and outside, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Sinker misses just a bit outside. Two and oh.
The two-oh pitch... Sinker way outside. Three and oh.
And the pitch... chopped foul, three and one.
And the three-one... Sinker in the dirt, and TJ Hawkins is aboard with a walk.

And Alex Chase will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
And Miller comes to the plate... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and one.
And the oh-one... He gets a sacrifice bunt to first.

Kevin Webb comes to the plate. runner on second and one away.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... Hit in the air to left. Fisher is after it and he makes the catch for out number two.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runner on second and two down.
And Miller from the stretch... Lined into the glove of Corbin to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 4-2, Pacific City Pilots 2. We'll be back with the seventh inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Caleb Jones will step in at the top of the Bay Area Bombers order.
Righty against righty.
Logan winds and fires... Fastball misses down and in, one and oh.
Here is the one-oh... fouled back, one and one.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball low and away, two and one.
The two-one... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters. Three and one.
Three-one, pitch on the way... Fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, three and two.
The payoff pitch... he fouls it off, still three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Curveball misses low, and Caleb Jones is aboard with a walk.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Ben Logan.

So a runner on first and nobody out for Nate Diaz.
And Malone deals... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back. Oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... The bunt attempt is fouled off, still oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... A sacrifice bunt to first off a slider.

runner on second, one away. Owen Chen at the plate.
Lefty against the righty.
And Malone deals... Slider misses outside. One and oh.
The one-oh... Fly ball, deep to right. Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

And that will bring up Miles Corbin with runner on second.
And the pitch to Corbin... Slider misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
The one-oh... chopped foul down the first base line, one and one.
And Malone's pitch... he fouls it off. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... Lined into the glove of Ramirez to end the inning.

And with seven in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 2, Bay Area Bombers 4. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Rex Power.
Righty against righty.
And Miller's pitch... chopped foul, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Slider misses high and wide, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, swung on and missed, one and two.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... That one falls into the gap for a base hit. A leadoff single for Rex Power to get things going here in the top of the eighth.

runner on first, nobody out. Evan Reed at the plate.
Miller winds and fires... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Oh and one.
And Miller delivers... Squared around, but he fouls it. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, so we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Still oh and two.
And the oh-two... The bunt attempt is fouled off. So we'll do it again.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, still oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. And we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... Sinker, sacrifices to third.

And that will bring up Felix Washington with runner on second.
From the belt, the pitch... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Felix Washington, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead 4-to-3 here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on second, one away, for Hank Barrett.
And Miller comes to the plate... Sinker misses high, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Hit well to first, but Chen is there to make the catch for out number two.

Wes Griffin comes to the plate. runner on second and two down.
And the pitch to Griffin... Sinker, comes up empty. Oh and one.
The oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Sinker, in there for strike three, and Wes Griffin is down on strikes to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 4-3, Pacific City Pilots 3. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Grant Fisher steps in to start the inning.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... Sinker, comes up empty, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... fouled back. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... fouled away, count remains oh and two.
The oh-two... Lined to right. That one drops in. Grant Fisher is aboard with a leadoff single here in the bottom of the eighth.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. runner on first and nobody out.
And the pitch to Vance... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Slider just misses outside. One and one.
And the one-one pitch... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Sent on the ground to first. Washington up with it, over to first for out number one.

runner on second, one away. Marcus Thorne at the plate.
And Malone deals... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
And Malone delivers... fouled back and out of play, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Hammered to right! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A one-out double for Marcus Thorne, and the Bay Area Bombers now lead 5-to-3.

Runner on second, one away, for Sam Decker.
Righty against righty.
Here's the pitch... Hit well to left, but Reed is there to make the catch for out number two.

So a runner on second and two down for Jackson Riley.
And the pitch to Riley... fouled away. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Sinker sails over the letters. One and one.
Here is the one-one... chopped foul, one and two.
Here is the one-two... just gets a piece of it, so we'll do it again.
And the one-two... Dribbler to first. Backhanded pick by Washington and he fires to first in time to end the inning.

And with eight in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 5. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, right field, TJ Hawkins.
Here's the pitch... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Lined to center. That one drops in. A leadoff single for TJ Hawkins to get things going here in the top of the ninth.

Runner on first, nobody out, for Alex Chase.
And Miller deals... Sinker runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Lined to right. That one drops in. Alex Chase is aboard with a single.

And Kevin Webb steps in against Colin Miller. runners on first and second, nobody out.
And Miller comes to the plate... Slider high and tight. One and oh.
The one-oh... hammered foul. One and one.
The one-one pitch... he spoils a good pitch. One and two.
And Miller delivers... Slider way outside, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, and the count runs full. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Slider misses high and wide, and Kevin Webb is aboard with a walk.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with the bases loaded and nobody out.
Righty against righty.
Here's the pitch... lined foul, oh and one.
The oh-one... hammered foul. Oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Sinker, fans him! Omar Ramirez goes down for out number one.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Colin Miller.

And Rex Power steps in. the bases loaded, one away.
And Stone delivers... Lined to right! That one is fair and that one will get all the way to the wall. Rex Power coasts into second with a double, and this game is now tied at five.

And Evan Reed will step in with runners on second and third and one away.
And Stone deals... Fastball, paints the corner for a strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Four-seam fastball, he hacks at it and misses, oh and two.
The oh-two... Lined into shallow right. That one drops in. A one-out base hit for Evan Reed, and the Pacific City Pilots take a 6-to-5 lead.

Runner on first and third, one away, for Felix Washington.
And the pitch... Fastball misses high and wide. One and oh.
Here is the one-oh... fouled back and into the stands, one and one.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play, one and two.
And the pitch... fouled away, and we'll do it again.
The one-two pitch... Fastball down and in, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... Fastball in the dirt, count is full, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... fouled back and out of play. So we'll do it again.
And the payoff pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, and we'll do it again.
And the 3-2 pitch... flied foul and out of play. So we'll do it again.
And the payoff pitch... fouled back and out of play, still three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Cutter, rings him up! Felix Washington goes down for out number two.

And Hank Barrett steps in against Victor Stone. runners on first and third, two down.
From the belt, the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Grounded to Jones, who fields it cleanly and throws to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 6-5, Bay Area Bombers 5. We'll be back with the ninth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Caleb Jones digs in. He'll lead off.
Righty against righty.
And Malone's pitch... Sinker runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Chase scoops it up and fires to first to retire Caleb Jones for out number one.

And Nate Diaz will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch to Diaz... fights it off. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider misses outside, one and one.
And Malone delivers... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed for strike three, and Nate Diaz goes down swinging for out number two.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Dennis Thompson replaces Rollie Malone.

And Owen Chen will step in with two down and nobody on.
Thompson winds and fires... Slider misses outside. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... A solo shot to deep right field off a slider, and we are all knotted up at six.

And Miles Corbin will step in with two down and nobody on.
And the pitch to Corbin... Slider high and tight, one and oh.
And Thompson delivers... Slider, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Fastball, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch. One and two.
And the one-two... dribbled foul down the first base line, so we'll do it again.
Here comes the one-two... fouled back to the screen. So we'll do it again.
And the one-two pitch... just gets a piece of it, still one and two.
The one-two pitch... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Miles Corbin is down on strikes to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 10th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Hank Barrett jogs out to take his lead.
Wes Griffin comes to the plate. runner on second and nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... flied foul and out of play. Oh and one.
And the pitch... he fouls it off, oh and two.
And the oh-two... fights it off, count holds at oh and two.
And the oh-two... Hit in the air to left. Fisher is after it and he makes the catch for out number one.

Runner on second, one away, for TJ Hawkins.
And Stone's pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And Stone's pitch... Slider low and away, one and one.
And Stone's pitch... Cutter, called a strike, one and two.
And the pitch... Cutter misses just a bit outside, two and two.
And Stone's pitch... A screaming liner to Diaz, caught for out number two.

And Alex Chase will step in with runner on second and two down.
Righty against righty.
Stone winds and fires... Cutter just misses outside. One and oh.
Here is the one-oh... Line drive to center. That one is into the glove of Vance to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with the 10th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Grant Fisher.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Fastball, he hacks at it and misses, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Fastball, caught looking at strike three! Grant Fisher goes down for out number one.

Leo Vance comes to the plate. runner on second and one away.
And Thompson delivers... Fastball down and in, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Hawkins calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number two.

Runner on second, two down, for Marcus Thorne.
And the pitch... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Slider, called a strike on the inside corner. Oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Fastball, strike three called, and Marcus Thorne is rung up to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the 11th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Alex Chase jogs out to take his lead.
Runner on second, nobody out, for Kevin Webb.
And Stone deals... Cutter, catches the black. Oh and one.
The oh-one... Fastball misses low, one and one.
And Stone's pitch... Grounded to Diaz, who fields it cleanly and throws to first for out number one.

Runner on third, one away, for Omar Ramirez.
And the pitch to Ramirez... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Hard liner right into the glove of Diaz for out number two.

And Rex Power will step in with runner on third and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... Cutter, catches the black, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Cutter, called strike one, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Cutter, strike three called, and Rex Power strikes out looking to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with the 11th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Marcus Thorne jogs out to take his lead.
So a runner on second and nobody out for Sam Decker.
And Thompson from the stretch... Four-seam fastball, he takes a wild hack at the pitch. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Griffin has it and tosses to first to retire Sam Decker for out number one.

Runner on third, one away, for Jackson Riley.
And Thompson's pitch... fouled back and out of play. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Fastball, swung on and missed, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Fastball, swings through it for strike three, and Jackson Riley is down on strikes for out number two.

Runner on third, two down, for Caleb Jones.
From the belt, the pitch... Heater, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And Thompson delivers... Slider, taken for a called strike, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... hit foul down the line. So we'll do it again.
And the oh-two pitch... Roller to first. Washington scoops it up and fires to first to retire Caleb Jones to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with the 12th inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the 12th inning here at Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Rex Power jogs out to take his lead.
And Evan Reed steps in against Victor Stone. runner on second, nobody out.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... he fouls it off. Oh and two.
And Stone delivers... Slider misses low, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Cutter low and away, two and two.
The two-two... he spoils a good pitch, and the count stays at two and two.
And Stone's pitch... Slider sails over the letters, brings the count to 3-2. Three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Hit in the air to deep left field! the fielder racing after it... he will not get there! And the Pacific City Pilots take a 8-to-6 lead here in the top of the 12th.

And leading off for the Pacific City Pilots, Felix Washington.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... Cutter misses high. One and oh.
And the one-oh... chopped foul, one and one.
And the one-one... Cutter misses high and wide, two and one.
And Stone's pitch... Cutter in the dirt, three and one.
And the three-one... fouled down the line. Three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Slider misses low and inside, and Felix Washington draws a walk.

And Hank Barrett steps in against Victor Stone. runner on first, nobody out.
And the pitch to Barrett... Fastball, called a strike. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Slider misses just a bit outside. One and one.
And the one-one... fights it off, one and two.
Here is the one-two... Heater, gets him swinging! Hank Barrett goes down for out number one.

And Wes Griffin steps in with runner on first, one away.
From the belt, the pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
And Stone delivers... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... He gets a sacrifice bunt to third.

TJ Hawkins comes to the plate. runner on second and two down.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it, oh and one.
The oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Four-seam fastball misses low, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Lined into shallow left field. That one drops in. TJ Hawkins is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the 12th.

runners on first and third, two down. Alex Chase at the plate.
And Stone deals... fouled back and into the stands. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Line drive, left. A two-out base hit for Alex Chase, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 9-to-6 here in the top of the 12th.

runners on first and second, two down. Kevin Webb at the plate.
And Stone delivers... hammered foul, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Hammered to center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. A two-out double for Kevin Webb! And the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 10-to-6.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runners on second and third and two down.
And the pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and one.
And Stone's pitch... sent foul and out of play, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Hammered into shallow center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out double here in the top of the 12th, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 12-to-6 here in the top of the 12th.

And Rex Power steps in against Victor Stone. runner on second, two down.
Stone winds and fires... Four-seam fastball high and tight, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Cutter misses low and inside. Two and oh.
And Stone's pitch... Cutter high and tight. Three and oh.
The three-oh pitch... Four-seam fastball, he hacks at it and misses, three and one.
And Stone delivers... Cutter, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Cutter misses low, and Rex Power is aboard with a two-out walk.

And that will bring up Evan Reed with runners on first and second.
And Stone comes to the plate... Four-seam fastball down and in, one and oh.
And Stone's pitch... fouled back and out of play. One and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... he spoils a good pitch, one and two.
And the one-two... Fastball misses down and in, two and two.
And Stone delivers... chopped foul down the first base line. Still two and two.
The two-two... sent foul and out of play, count remains two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Fastball, struck him out swinging! Evan Reed goes down to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 12-6, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Automatic runner on second: Caleb Jones jogs out to take his lead.
Runner on second, nobody out, for Nate Diaz.
From the belt, the pitch... He attempts to bunt, but it goes foul, oh and one.
And the pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, and we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... Sacrifices to third on a slider.

And Owen Chen will step in with runner on third and one away.
And the pitch... Fastball, a strike, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Fastball, paints the corner for a strike, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Fastball misses upstairs. One and two.
And the one-two... Slider, swung on and missed for strike three, and Owen Chen strikes out for out number two.

Miles Corbin comes to the plate. runner on third and two down.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses outside, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Four-seam fastball misses down and in, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Hit in the air to center. Webb is after it and he makes the catch to end the inning.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 6 - Pacific City Pilots 12
Pacific City Pilots win!