The Pacific Coast Baseball Network presents Sleep Baseball.
Tonight, from Waterfront Park, it's the Bay Area Bombers hosting the Pacific City Pilots.
Hello and welcome to another beautiful night for baseball.
And it is a perfect night for a ball game: 55°F, Drizzle.
And we are underway.

Top of the first inning.

And Alex Chase steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch... Changeup down and in, one and oh.
And the one-oh... hammered foul and into the stands. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Slider runs high, two and one.
The two-one pitch... tapped foul down the line, two and two.
Here comes the two-two... he spoils a good pitch, so we'll do it again.
Here is the two-two... Slider high and tight, and the count is now full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Slider high and tight, and Alex Chase draws a walk.

Kevin Webb comes to the plate. runner on first and nobody out.
And Gibson from the stretch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul. Oh and one.
And the pitch... The bunt attempt is fouled off. Oh and two.
And the pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off, and we'll do it again.
And Gibson's pitch... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to third on a slider.

And that will bring up Omar Ramirez with runner on second.
And the pitch... chopped foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... he gets a piece of it, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... fouled back to the screen, and we'll do it again.
Here is the oh-two... dribbled foul down the first base line, and the count stays at oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... hammered foul, and the count stays at oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters, one and two.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball way outside, two and two.
Here is the two-two... Hammered to left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Omar Ramirez is aboard with a one-out double here in the top of the first, and the Pacific City Pilots move out in front, one-nothing.

And Rex Power steps in with runner on second, one away.
And Gibson comes to the plate... Curveball, cut on and missed, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... fouled back to the screen. Oh and two.
The oh-two... Hammered into shallow center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. That's going to be a stand-up double for Rex Power here in the top of the first, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead two-nothing here in the top of the first.

And Evan Reed steps in against Joe Gibson. runner on second, one away.
And Gibson comes to the plate... Curveball, called a strike on the inside corner. Oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... flied foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And the pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line. Still oh and two.
And Gibson's pitch... fouled back and out of play, still oh and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider, rings him up! Evan Reed goes down for out number two.

Felix Washington comes to the plate. runner on second and two down.
And the pitch to Washington... Changeup, a big swing and a miss, oh and one.
And Gibson's pitch... Changeup, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and two.
And the oh-two... fouled down the line. And we'll do it again.
The oh-two pitch... he gets a piece of it, count remains oh and two.
And the oh-two... Slider runs inside, one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... fights it off, count holds at one and two.
And Gibson delivers... Hammered into shallow left! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Felix Washington rips one into the gap for a two-out double, and the Pacific City Pilots extend their lead to 3-to-0.

Runner on second, two down, for Hank Barrett.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson's pitch... Chopper to short. Jones's got it and he fires to first to end the inning.

And it remains Pacific City Pilots 3-0, Bay Area Bombers 0. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

Leo Vance digs in. He'll lead off.
And the pitch... Sinker misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Slider, a strike, one and one.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, taken for a called strike, one and two.
And the pitch... Sinker a bit inside, two and two.
And the two-two... lined foul, count holds at two and two.
And the two-two pitch... he fouls that one off, so we'll do it again.
And Garcia delivers... he fouls it off, and we'll do it again.
The two-two pitch... Sinker just misses outside, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Lined into shallow left, and that one will drop in. Leo Vance starts the inning with a base hit.

And Marcus Thorne will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia from the stretch... Curveball runs high, one and oh.
And Garcia's pitch... fouled back, one and one.
An error by 1B Felix Washington allows the batter to reach base.

runners on first and second, nobody out. Sam Decker at the plate.
And Garcia's pitch... Curveball just misses outside, one and oh.
And Garcia delivers... dribbled foul down the first base line. One and one.
The one-one... tapped foul down the line, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Lined through the right side, and that one will drop in for a base hit. Sam Decker is aboard with a single.

Runner on the bases loaded, nobody out, for Jackson Riley.
And the pitch... Curveball misses low. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses, one and one.
And the one-one... just gets a piece of it, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker, got him looking! Jackson Riley goes down for out number one.

So a runner on the bases loaded and one away for Caleb Jones.
And Garcia's pitch... Slider, taken for a called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Curveball misses outside. One and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, cut on and missed, one and two.
And Garcia delivers... Hits a sacrifice fly to right, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 3-to-1.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Nate Diaz.
And the pitch... Sinker in the dirt, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker spikes before the plate. Two and oh.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. Two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Sinker low and away. Three and one.
Here comes the three-one... just gets a piece of it, three and two.
Full count, here's the pitch... Fly ball, left. Reed is camped under it, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And with one in the books, it's Pacific City Pilots 3, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the second inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, shortstop, Wes Griffin.
Gibson winds and fires... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... he gets a piece of it, and the count stays at oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Changeup misses high and wide, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... fouled back and out of play, so we'll do it again.
Here comes the one-two... he gets a piece of it. Still one and two.
The one-two pitch... he fouls it off, and the count stays at one and two.
The one-two... Fly ball, right. Thorne drifting in... and he makes the catch for out number one.

And TJ Hawkins will step in with one away and nobody on.
Righty against righty.
And Gibson deals... Lined up the middle. That one drops in. TJ Hawkins singles with one away.

Runner on first, one away, for Alex Chase.
And the pitch... Slider just misses outside. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Slider in the dirt, two and oh.
Here is the two-oh... Slider a bit inside, three and oh.
And the pitch... Heater misses low and inside, and Alex Chase draws a walk.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Kevin Webb.
And Gibson from the stretch... fouled back to the screen, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Hit in the air to center. Vance is after it and he makes the catch for out number two.

runners on first and second, two down. Omar Ramirez at the plate.
And Gibson deals... Changeup, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
And the pitch... Fastball misses low and inside, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... chopped foul down the first base line. One and two.
Here comes the one-two... hammered foul and into the stands, still one and two.
And the one-two pitch... Slider misses down and in. Two and two.
And the two-two... Fastball a bit inside, brings the count to 3-2, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... Four-seam fastball misses down and in, and Omar Ramirez is aboard with a two-out walk.

And Rex Power steps in against Joe Gibson. the bases loaded, two down.
Righty against righty.
And the pitch... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Fastball, comes up empty, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Fastball a bit inside, one and two.
And Gibson's pitch... Slider a bit inside. Two and two.
Here is the two-two... Lined into shallow center. That one drops in. A two-out base hit for Rex Power, and the Pacific City Pilots now lead 4-to-1 here in the top of the second.

And Evan Reed steps in against Joe Gibson. the bases loaded, two down.
And Gibson comes to the plate... Vance is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track to end the inning.

Score remains Pacific City Pilots 4-1, Bay Area Bombers 1. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And Owen Chen steps in to start the inning.
And the pitch to Chen... Hit in the air to third. Ramirez is after it and he makes the catch for out number one.

And that will bring Miles Corbin to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Pacific City Pilots now lead 4-to-2 here in the bottom of the second.

Bases empty, one away, for Grant Fisher.
And the pitch... Curveball low and away, one and oh.
The one-oh... Sinker misses just a bit outside. Two and oh.
And the two-oh... he spoils a good pitch, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Hawkins is racing after it... and he makes the catch on the warning track for out number two.

Leo Vance steps to the plate. two down, bases empty.
Garcia winds and fires... Popped up on the infield. Barrett is camped under it... and he makes the catch to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 4, Bay Area Bombers 2 after two. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the third inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, first base, Felix Washington.
And Gibson deals... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
And the pitch... Fastball, called a strike, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... Slider, struck him out swinging! Felix Washington goes down for out number one.

And that will bring Hank Barrett to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And Gibson deals... lined foul. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Changeup, swung on and missed, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... tapped foul down the line, still oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... Chopped to second. Diaz charges and throws to first for out number two.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Joe Gibson. two down, nobody on.
And Gibson deals... Hard liner right into the glove of Corbin to end the inning.

Gibson retires the side in order. Score remains Pacific City Pilots 4-2, Bay Area Bombers 2. We'll be back after these messages.

Welcome back.

And Marcus Thorne will lead off the inning.
Lefty against the lefty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, in there for a called strike, oh and one.
The oh-one... Hammered into shallow center! That one will drop in for a hit and roll all the way to the wall. Marcus Thorne starts the inning with a stand-up double here in the bottom of the third.

And Sam Decker steps in. runner on second, nobody out.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Curveball runs inside, one and oh.
And the one-oh... he fouls it off, one and one.
One-one, pitch on the way... Lined to right. That one drops in. Sam Decker reaches with a base hit.

And Jackson Riley will step in with runners on first and third and nobody out.
Righty against the lefty.
And the pitch... Sinker in the dirt, one and oh.
And the pitch... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses. One and one.
Here is the one-one... Sinker runs high, two and one.
And the two-one pitch... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And the Bay Area Bombers move out in front, 5-to-4.

Caleb Jones steps in to lead things off.
Garcia winds and fires... Hard grounder up the middle... Chase is there and he fires to first for out number one.

And that will bring Nate Diaz to the plate with one away and the bases empty.
And Garcia deals... tapped foul down the line, oh and one.
And the oh-one... Sinker low and away, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Sinker low and away. Two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Sinker misses high. Three and one.
And the three-one pitch... he gets a piece of it, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... fights it off. Still three and two.
And the payoff pitch... he gets a piece of it, and we'll do it again.
Full count, here's the pitch... Slider, strike three called, and Nate Diaz is down on strikes for out number two.

And that will bring Owen Chen to the plate with two down and the bases empty.
And Garcia delivers... fights it off. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Lined to left. That one drops in. Owen Chen is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the third.

Miles Corbin comes to the plate. runner on first and two down.
Righty against the lefty.
Garcia winds and fires... Sinker high and tight. One and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Sinker misses high, two and oh.
And Garcia delivers... fouled back and out of play, two and one.
And Garcia's pitch... lined foul. Two and two.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker sails over the letters, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Sinker, gets him swinging! Miles Corbin goes down to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 4, Bay Area Bombers 5. We'll be back with the fourth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Top of the fourth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And TJ Hawkins leads off for the Pacific City Pilots.
Here's the pitch... fouled away, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... fights it off, oh and two.
And Gibson delivers... fouled back, and we'll do it again.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Lined into shallow right, and that one will drop in. A leadoff single for TJ Hawkins to get things going here in the top of the fourth.

And Alex Chase will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
And Gibson deals... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... He lays down a sacrifice bunt to first on a fastball.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Adam Adams replaces Joe Gibson.

So a runner on second and one away for Kevin Webb.
Lefty against the lefty.
From the belt, the pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... Squared around, but he fouls it. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back. Count remains oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, so we'll do it again.
And Adams delivers... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, and the count stays at oh and two.
And the oh-two... Lays down a sacrifice bunt to second.

Omar Ramirez comes to the plate. runner on third and two down.
And Adams from the stretch... dribbled foul down the first base line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Line drive, right. Omar Ramirez keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the top of the fourth, and this game is now tied at five.

And that will bring up Rex Power with runner on first.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, comes up empty. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Knuckle curve, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and two.
And Adams delivers... fouled away. Still oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Corbin is camped under it, and he makes the catch to end the inning.

And we are tied at 5 apiece. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Leading off, left field, Grant Fisher.
Righty against the lefty.
And Garcia's pitch... Sinker, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Slider high and tight, one and one.
And the one-one... he fouls it off. One and two.
And the one-two pitch... tapped foul down the line. Count remains one and two.
The one-two... Lined to right. That one drops in. Grant Fisher starts the inning with a base hit.

And Leo Vance steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
And Garcia delivers... Sinker misses low. One and oh.
And Garcia's pitch... Fly ball, center. Webb is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Rollie Malone replaces Miguel Garcia.

And Marcus Thorne steps in with runner on first, one away.
Here's the pitch... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back. Oh and one.
And Malone's pitch... He squares to bunt, but fouls it off. Oh and two.
And the oh-two... A sacrifice bunt to third off a slider.

Sam Decker comes to the plate. runner on second and two down.
And Malone delivers... Sinker misses low and outside. One and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Sinker down and in, two and oh.
And Malone delivers... he fouls it off. Two and one.
The two-one pitch... That one drops in. A two-out base hit for Sam Decker.

And Jackson Riley will step in with runners on first and third and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... flied foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... Lined to right. That one drops in. Jackson Riley keeps the inning alive with a two-out single here in the bottom of the fourth, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 6-to-5 lead here in the bottom of the fourth.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Caleb Jones.
And the pitch... Slider, he takes a wild hack at the pitch, oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Slider misses high and wide, one and one.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... tapped foul down the line, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... dribbled foul down the first base line, so we'll do it again.
And Malone's pitch... Slider spikes before the plate, and the count runs full, three and two.
And the 3-2 pitch... fouled away, so we'll do it again.
And the 3-2 pitch... Slider misses low and outside, and Caleb Jones is aboard with a two-out walk.

Runner on the bases loaded, two down, for Nate Diaz.
Malone winds and fires... hammered foul, oh and one.
And Malone's pitch... Sinker, cut on and missed. Oh and two.
And Malone delivers... Roller to third. Ramirez scoops it up and fires to first to end the inning.

Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the fifth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Evan Reed digs in. He'll lead off.
Adams winds and fires... Fly ball, right. Thorne is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Felix Washington steps in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Washington... Fastball misses high, one and oh.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball way outside. Two and oh.
And the pitch... Knuckle curve, swung on and missed. Two and one.
And Adams delivers... Knuckle curve, called a strike on the inside corner, two and two.
And the two-two... chopped foul down the first base line. Count remains two and two.
The two-two... Four-seam fastball, gets him swinging! Felix Washington goes down for out number two.

And Hank Barrett will step in with two down and the bases empty.
Righty against the lefty.
And Adams's pitch... Knuckle curve, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
The oh-one pitch... Knuckle curve, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and two.
The oh-two... Lined to left. That one drops in. Hank Barrett is aboard with a two-out single here in the top of the fifth.

And Wes Griffin steps in. runner on first, two down.
Righty against the lefty.
And Adams deals... Knuckle curve, called a strike on the inside corner. Oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Fastball, called strike, oh and two.
Here is the oh-two... he fouls that one off, so we'll do it again.
And Adams's pitch... Chopper to short. Jones is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

Score remains Bay Area Bombers 6-5, Pacific City Pilots 5. We'll be back with the fifth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Owen Chen will lead off the inning.
And the pitch to Chen... hammered foul and into the stands. Oh and one.
And Malone delivers... Fly ball, to short. Griffin is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number one.

Miles Corbin steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And the pitch... Slider misses high and wide. One and oh.
And the one-oh pitch... Fly ball, to center. Webb is camped under it, and he makes the catch for out number two.

And Grant Fisher will step in with two down and nobody on.
Here's the pitch... Sinker, in there for a called strike, oh and one.
And the oh-one... fights it off, oh and two.
And Malone delivers... Sinker misses high, one and two.
And the one-two... Sinker misses low and outside, two and two.
Two-two, pitch on the way... lined foul, count holds at two and two.
And the pitch... Sinker, got him looking! Grant Fisher goes down to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Malone. It's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 6 after five. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the sixth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Colin Miller replaces Adam Adams.

And TJ Hawkins steps in to start the inning.
Miller winds and fires... hit foul down the line, oh and one.
The oh-one... Slider, he hacks at it and misses, oh and two.
And the pitch... fouled back and out of play. So we'll do it again.
And the pitch... Sinker misses low and inside, one and two.
The one-two pitch... Sinker misses down and in, two and two.
And the two-two pitch... he fouls it off. And the count stays at two and two.
And Miller delivers... Ripped into shallow left for a single. TJ Hawkins starts the inning with a base hit.

And Alex Chase steps in with runner on first, nobody out.
From the belt, the pitch... Sinker, swung on and missed. Oh and one.
And the oh-one... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Oh and two.
The oh-two... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, still oh and two.
And Miller's pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul. Count holds at oh and two.
And the pitch... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, and we'll do it again.
And the oh-two... Squared around, but he fouls it, still oh and two.
And Miller's pitch... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, count remains oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Sacrifices to second on a slider.

runner on second, one away. Kevin Webb at the plate.
And Miller comes to the plate... Bunted foul. Oh and one.
And Miller delivers... He offers at the bunt, but fouls it back, oh and two.
And the oh-two pitch... Showing bunt, he pushes it foul, count remains oh and two.
And Miller's pitch... He tries to lay one down, but it rolls foul, still oh and two.
The oh-two... The bunt attempt is fouled off, still oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... Sinker, lays down a sacrifice bunt to third.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with runner on third and two down.
From the belt, the pitch... fouled back and into the stands, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Sinker misses outside, one and one.
And the one-one... Sinker, called strike, one and two.
And the one-two... Bouncer to third. Corbin gloves it and fires to first to end the inning.

And it remains Bay Area Bombers 6-5, Pacific City Pilots 5. We'll be back after these messages.

And welcome back with us here from Waterfront Park.

And Leo Vance will lead off the inning.
And Malone delivers... sent foul and out of play, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... he fouls it off, oh and two.
And the oh-two... Sinker, rings him up! Leo Vance goes down for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Ben Logan replaces Rollie Malone.

Bases empty, one away, for Marcus Thorne.
Logan winds and fires... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside, one and oh.
And Logan delivers... Fastball, cut on and missed, one and one.
Here is the one-one... Grounder to first. Washington has it and tosses to first for out number two.

And Sam Decker will step in with two down and nobody on.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball misses outside, one and oh.
Here comes the one-oh... Curveball, called a strike, one and one.
The one-one... Four-seam fastball misses low and inside. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... fouled back and into the stands. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Lined to center. That one drops in. Sam Decker is aboard with a two-out single here in the bottom of the sixth.

And that will bring up Jackson Riley with runner on first.
Here's the pitch... Heater misses low and inside. One and oh.
And Logan delivers... Curveball runs high, two and oh.
The two-oh... Fastball misses down and in. Three and oh.
Here comes the three-oh... Heater runs inside, and Jackson Riley is aboard with a two-out walk.

Runner on first and second, two down, for Caleb Jones.
And Logan from the stretch... Sent on the ground to third. Ramirez up with it, over to first to end the inning.

It's Pacific City Pilots 5, Bay Area Bombers 6 after six. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the seventh inning here at Waterfront Park.

Leading off, designated hitter, Rex Power.
And the pitch... Sails over the wall for a long, lazy home run! And this game is now tied at six.

Leading off, Evan Reed.
Lefty against the righty.
And the pitch... fouled back to the screen. Oh and one.
And Miller's pitch... Sinker, he takes an awkward hack at the pitch, oh and two.
Oh-two, pitch on the way... Routine play for Jones, and he makes the catch for out number one.

And Felix Washington will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And the pitch to Washington... Slider misses low and inside. One and oh.
And the one-oh... Slider spikes before the plate, two and oh.
And the two-oh... Sinker, called a strike. Two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Sinker misses down and in. Three and one.
The three-one... chopped foul down the first base line, three and two.
The payoff pitch... Line drive, right. Felix Washington reaches with a one-out single.

And Hank Barrett steps in with runner on first, one away.
And Miller from the stretch... dribbled foul down the first base line. Oh and one.
The oh-one... He hits a double play ball to first.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Nate Diaz.
And Logan delivers... Four-seam fastball runs inside, one and oh.
And Logan delivers... hit foul down the line, one and one.
And Logan's pitch... he fouls that one off, one and two.
And the one-two... Fastball way outside. Two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Fastball, rings him up! Nate Diaz goes down for out number one.

And Owen Chen will step in with one away and nobody on.
And the pitch... Fastball a bit inside. One and oh.
And Logan delivers... Heater misses low and outside. Two and oh.
Here is the two-oh... tapped foul down the line. Two and one.
And the two-one pitch... he fouls that one off, two and two.
And Logan's pitch... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, count holds at two and two.
And the two-two pitch... Fastball, got him looking! Owen Chen goes down for out number two.

And Miles Corbin will step in with two down and nobody on.
Logan winds and fires... Four-seam fastball sails over the letters, one and oh.
One-oh, pitch on the way... Hard grounder to third. Ramirez is up with it and tosses to first to end the inning.

Another one-two-three inning for Logan. Score is tied at 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the eighth inning here at Waterfront Park.

Wes Griffin steps in to lead things off.
And Miller's pitch... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
And the oh-one pitch... Corbin gloves it and fires to first to retire Wes Griffin for out number one.

TJ Hawkins steps to the plate. one away, bases empty.
And Miller's pitch... Lined sharply into right field. TJ Hawkins reaches with a one-out single.

Alex Chase comes to the plate. runner on first and one away.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it, oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... Sinker misses outside, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... fouled back and out of play. One and two.
And the one-two... just gets a piece of it, so we'll do it again.
And Miller delivers... Lined into shallow right. That one drops in. Alex Chase is aboard with a one-out single here in the top of the eighth.

Runner on first and second, one away, for Kevin Webb.
And Miller comes to the plate... Sinker, he hacks at it and misses, oh and one.
Here comes the oh-one... knuckles foul and lands into the stands, oh and two.
And the oh-two... fouled away, and we'll do it again.
And Miller's pitch... Chopped to short. Jones charges and throws to first for out number two.

Pitching Change for Bay Area Bombers: Victor Stone replaces Colin Miller.

And Omar Ramirez will step in with runners on second and third and two down.
And Stone's pitch... Chopper in front of the plate. Decker is there and he fires to first to end the inning.

And we are tied at 6 apiece. We'll be back with the eighth inning in a moment here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

Welcome back.

Leading off, left field, Grant Fisher.
Grant Fisher is hit by the pitch.

And leading off for the Bay Area Bombers, Leo Vance.
Lefty against the righty.
Here's the pitch... Four-seam fastball spikes before the plate, one and oh.
The one-oh pitch... Curveball misses outside, two and oh.
And Logan's pitch... tapped foul down the line, two and one.
And the two-one... Fastball down and in. Three and one.
Leo Vance draws a walk.

And Marcus Thorne steps in. runner on first, nobody out.
And Logan deals... Curveball, he hacks at it and misses. Oh and one.
Oh-one, pitch on the way... hammered foul, oh and two.
The oh-two pitch... he fouls it off, and the count stays at oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Four-seam fastball high and tight, one and two.
And the one-two... Curveball, caught looking at strike three! Marcus Thorne goes down for out number one.

And Sam Decker will step in with runner on first and one away.
And the pitch to Decker... Four-seam fastball, paints the corner for a called strike, oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... sent foul and out of play. Oh and two.
And Logan's pitch... Fastball in the dirt, one and two.
And the one-two pitch... hammered foul, still one and two.
Here is the one-two... Low roller to second. Chase fields it and throws to first for out number two.

Runner on second, two down, for Jackson Riley.
And Logan comes to the plate... Ripped through the left side for a single. A two-out base hit for Jackson Riley.

And that will bring up Caleb Jones with runners on first and third.
And Logan deals... Fastball, catches the black. Oh and one.
And Logan's pitch... Curveball sails over the letters, one and one.
Here comes the one-one... Fastball misses down and in, two and one.
Two-one, pitch on the way... Fastball way outside, three and one.
And Logan delivers... Curveball, catches the black, three and two.
And the payoff pitch... Curveball runs high, and Caleb Jones is aboard with a two-out walk.

Nate Diaz comes to the plate. the bases loaded and two down.
And Logan comes to the plate... Sent deep to right, but Hawkins has plenty of room. He makes the catch to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back after these messages.

Top of the ninth inning here at Waterfront Park.

And Rex Power steps in to start the inning.
Here's the pitch... Cutter misses outside, one and oh.
And Stone delivers... Lined to left. That one drops in. Rex Power is aboard with a leadoff single here in the top of the ninth.

And Evan Reed will step in with runner on first and nobody out.
Lefty against the righty.
From the belt, the pitch... Fastball, a strike. Oh and one.
And Stone delivers... Fisher calling for it... and he makes the catch for out number one.

So a runner on first and one away for Felix Washington.
And the pitch... Fastball misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And Stone's pitch... That one drops in. Felix Washington singles with one away.

And Hank Barrett steps in. runners on first and second, one away.
And the pitch... Four-seam fastball misses high, one and oh.
And the pitch... he gets a piece of it. One and one.
The one-one... Cutter down and in, two and one.
Here comes the two-one... Low roller to third. Corbin fields it and throws to first for out number two.

And Wes Griffin steps in against Victor Stone. runners on second and third, two down.
Lefty against the righty.
And Stone deals... Slider sails over the letters, one and oh.
And the one-oh... Cutter in the dirt, two and oh.
Two-oh, pitch on the way... chopped foul down the first base line. Two and one.
And Stone delivers... tapped foul down the line, two and two.
And Stone's pitch... Hard liner right into the glove of Jones to end the inning.

Score is tied at 6. We'll be back with more baseball here on the Pacific Coast Baseball Network.

And we're back.

Owen Chen digs in. He'll lead off.
Here's the pitch... Curveball misses just a bit outside, one and oh.
And Logan's pitch... Grounder back to the mound. Logan has it and tosses to first for out number one.

Pitching Change for Pacific City Pilots: Dennis Thompson replaces Ben Logan.

And Miles Corbin will step in with one away and the bases empty.
And Thompson's pitch... Fastball misses high and wide. One and oh.
And Thompson delivers... Fastball, swung on and missed, one and one.
And the one-one... Washington gloves it and fires to first to retire Miles Corbin for out number two.

And Grant Fisher is due up. two down, bases empty.
And Thompson deals... chopped foul down the first base line, oh and one.
Here is the oh-one... Slider, catches the black, oh and two.
Here comes the oh-two... Hit deep into the gap! Grant Fisher racing around second... and he's in safely at third with a triple. Grant Fisher is aboard with a two-out triple here in the bottom of the ninth.

And Leo Vance will step in with runner on third and two down.
And Thompson deals... Lined up the middle. That one drops in. A two-out base hit for Leo Vance, and the Bay Area Bombers take a 7-to-6 lead.

==================== GAME OVER ====================
Final Score: Bay Area Bombers 7 - Pacific City Pilots 6
Bay Area Bombers win!